Non-germaphobes what’s the longest you’ve gone without bathing?
So far, what was the most hilarious this year?
what is the craziest true story you have heard?
What is your least favorite school club?
What rule exists because of you?
If you were given the chance to have one phone call before you died, who would you call?
What is the most effed up secret you were made aware of?
what would be the best melee weapon in zombie apocalypse?
When was the first time you fell in love? And why?
You have the freedom to rename a place to whatever you want. Where would you rename, and to what?
what chemical substances will kill you if you ingest too much?
What's the best financial advice you've ever received?
Whats the easiest way to piss someone off while making them happy ( or smile )?
Who is more famous, Robert Downey Jr. or Dwayne Johnson?
What motivates you the most?
What one thing would you change about yourself, other than the obvious?
What's the best way to know you've definitely cancelled something and no more charges?
What's a gift you would never want to recieve?
If you would have to date two persons in public with a combined age of 33, which ages do you pick?
What do you want for Christmas not including OPs Mom?
What are the reasons why Australia is scary?
What are some songs you were hooked to during childhood?
What is an amazing video game that no one else seems to like or even know about?
What is a good reply when you text a girl Hi how are you doing and she says okay ?
What is your I shouldn't have done this moment, in life?
What’s a common misconception about the industry you work in?
What question/statement do you “jokingly” ask/say to your significant other/spouse?
What would be the most awkward question to the response If I told you, I'd have to kill you ?
What flattering comment can be perceived as an insult?
How are you supposed to spend your birthday alone?
What would be the one thing you could change about your life?
What song will Rihanna open the Super Bowl with?
What is your earliest childhood memory...was it good/bad and how old were you?
What is it like to know that you are vastly outgunned?
What's the deal on weighted blankets?
Do you think cancel culture encourages groupthink? Why or why not?
How would things be if smartphones didn't exist?
What is you're most wtf moment?
What's something you wish you did during lockdown?
How big is too big?
Is Russell Westbrooks jersey # also his ranking among all time Laker greats? Why or why not?
what to do if the feeling of love began to fade?
What food did you despise as a kid, but grew to love as an adult?
What is the scariest language to be yelled at in?
[Serious] People who voted for Biden in the last election, how do you feel about him now?
What should be universally free, but isn't?
Who’s the G.O.A.T at the sport you follow most?
What do you think your god smells like, and why?
Thor's hammer has just been found. What real life person on earth has the best chance of lifting it up?
Just who the hell do you think you are?
Why/ why not do you believe in karma?
What talent or skill do you have that very few people know about?
What song do you consider an experience?
What are what women desire the most?
What do you really mean when you say “be there in a few minutes?”
What do you think are some of the worst trends of all time?
Feeling nostalgic, what's the best Emo song IYO?
What quirks/habits did you not realise was a result from childhood trauma?
What is a good survival tip for any survival horror plot?
Those who were called Gifted and are now most miserable What happened?
It’s Sunday afternoon. You want to start your week off on the right foot, but don’t want to spend your last precious weekend hours cleaning. What 2 areas of the house are you fixing up, and why?
What made you realise that your childhood was over?
What song do you still hate years later?
You see vegan cat-cow jerky in store advertised as meat/plant hybrid, made by scientists, from a new cute animal that grows in the ground and doesn't feel pain, but just wants to be eaten. What do you do?
What’s the best kids meal toy you’ve ever gotten?
Which cartoon or comic book villain would you let babysit your kids for 4 hours a day?
When was the moment you realized that the COVID-19 pandemic would change your life?
What is the best age to marry or get married?
What is a good idea for a vegetarian christmas dinner?
What is something someone said to comfort you through a death that actually helped?
Have you ever dated someone and later found out they were already married to someone and not divorced? What is your story?
which trend people thought as stupid before, but now is considered cool?
What is something people spend too much money on?
What’s a common personality trait that would put you off someone, that you think is weird?
what do you think about workaholics?
What makes you happy when you feel lonely and depressed?
How did you let the love of your life go?
What do you believe comes after death?
What made you realize that someone you knew was pure evil?
What is your favourite Easter egg in a movie?
What generic superpower (strength, speed, telepathy etc.) would be the best in day-to-day life?
What's a lesson that you learned the hard way?
What’s your favourite dinosaur?
Which is the song that inspires and motivates you everytime you hear it?
What is your I know Kung Fu, moment?
what is the best way to find like minded people on internet, not professionally but personally?
What is traveling If not studying geography in practice?
People who use Spotify Premium, why?
What act by a stranger saved your life?
People. who were with someone, moments before they suddenly died, did you sense something in the air?
How would life be different if humans never stopped physically growing throughout their lives?
People from Ohio, why?
What is the most mysterious secret you keep to this day?
what's your favourite backrooms level?
Starbucks employees, how do you judge people based on their order?
What is the best video game you have played in recent years ?
What is the most embarrassing thing you were ever caught red handed doing?
What automatically makes you lose respect for someone?
What is a song that you can't get out of your head?
What do you think is the saddest movie scene of all time?
What are some things that when you sit back and think about make living so worth it?
What was your worst experience with organic foods, whether at a restaurant or supermarket or ordered online?
Who is your scapegoat for your unhappiness and overall failure in life?
How important is a sense of humor?
What are green flags in relationships?
what are some great tips you have about moving to make it a BIT easier? And Also Or, what is the worst move you ever had?
What's would be awesome to watch in the lead up to Halloween?
What mind relaxing exercises do you use to wind down for bed?
You live in an alternate reality where the patriarchy has been abolished and the majority of world/business leaders are women. How does your life change?
What job deserves higher pay and increased recognition?
What movie would you watch to cheer yourself up when in the shittiest of moods?
Aliens have landed and ask you, what the best music Earth has to offer is. What albums are you giving them?
How powerful are you?
What does your mom approve, but your dad doesn't?