People who don’t charge their phones until its down to 1%, how do you live your life so dangerously?
What was your I got your back friend moment for you?
What do you actually think about Muslims?
Your job is to make a Disney movie that will piss off as many governments as possible, what movie do you make?
When you die, what will be your personal end credits song?
What was your best Everyone thinks I'm stupid and wrong but actually they where wrong moment ?
What's your favorite fictional weapon?
People out there without ADHD what's it like being able to do a task without having your mid thinking about a million thinks that are unrelated?
What will you never do again?
What celebrity is most likely just the devil in disguise?
What's the ugliest color?
(Serious) What was your missed opportunity? The thing you look back on and had you done or not missed your entire life would be different?
When did you realize your life had been a lie all along?
What is your favourite vine of all time?
what's the most fucked up thing you saw when you where age 3-13 ?
Why didn't major obesity keep Winston Churchill from succeeding?
Do you/ would you enjoy being fetishized? Why or why not?
What popular TV or movie series were you not able to get into?
What arguments should you use to justify when you are the supporting group of death penalty in a debate?
What are useful/productive things to do when you have ten minutes of free time?
how does one become a popular student at school?
What is the worst trope in movie/tv shows?
What is one franchise where its scary to be a minion or goon?
Simple, what's your plan for the weekend?
What are three moral rules you will never break?
If most people on earth had superpowers and you had the strongest one what would u do?
Cheaters, why did you cheat and do you regret it?
How do you destroy someone’s life?
What movie continues to surprise you in rewatching?
Humans, do you think aliens inherently have the right to judge you? Why is that?
How Did Young People In The Past Have Parties Without Modern Dance Music?
What kids movie do you love watching as an adult?
What are the things you should never do as an intern at a company and that might hurt your chances of getting offered a job after the internship?
What Celebrity do you think tries too hard to be liked?
what is the worst food you have ever eaten?
What is NOT a huge bullet you dodged, but a tactical nuke you dodged?
What's the dumbest thing you ever cried about?
Dear deaf people, what do you use as an alarm?
What is one of your fictional crushes and what does it say about your type?
What is an fact the world doesnt want to accept?
What is the saddest song?
Which countries do you think will not be here in 100 years?
What is the strangest way you've made money?
what is your dumbest achievement?
If you could reinvent yourself, what would you do? What is stopping you?
How would you rank the stages of your life (elementary, middle, high school, 20s, 30s, 40+) from worst to best?
Do you have the ability to lucid dream? If so, how do you do it?
How would you respond if your significant other wanted to be away from you for their birthday?
What are your thoughts on people that only shower once a year? do they still have a shot at dating u?
[Serious] What one thing would you change about your SO if you could?
Why do you think it would be better to have the states in bigger countries like India/US/Australia become smaller countries instead?
When is it time to stop saying Happy New Year?
Who is the best/most influential professional wrestler of all time?
What's the longest you've ever kept food in the fridge and why?
Your name is your wife, how strong is your relationship?
What’s the worst thing about having boobs?
What fast food restaurant has the best fries and which restaurant has the worst fries?
Procrastinating brothers. How do you do? What you 'haven't time' to do recently?
What's your favorite Spongebob quote ?
What’s something a tourist needs to do while visiting where you live?
What turned you from a firm atheist to a diehard believer in ___ religion?
What book series shouldn’t of been adapted into a movie/TV show?
What’s a good name for a Hibiscus margarita?
How does someone become more woke?
What will be situation of the world after 10 years?
What habit is easiest to form but hardest to break?
What dream you had that you will always remember?
[Serious] Where will the left go when they leave twitter over free speech?
What small things do you do to self-soothe/take care of yourself when life gets hard?
When, how and why has modern music become so bland, unintelligent and uninspiring?
What pranks are funny and harmless?
What's the best way to spend the last few days of life before a lengthy stay in prison?
What is your way to knock on someone's door and why?
What’s a wild conspiracy theory that ended up being true?
What seems good at first but becomes bad over time?
What’s your most controversial music opinion?
What’s something you don’t like about spending the night away from home?
What’s an immediate sign that somebody is not intelligent?
What‘s your favorite movie and why?
What does the Jim Crow era tells you what was it like in the United States through the 1950 and the 1960 for colors children?
What is your childhood dream/nightmare, that still returns today?
What is your most fabulous yet seemingly useless talent?
What city in the US has the best cost-of-living to things-to-do ratio?
What do you hate more than anything?
Do you hate how much you love TikTok?
If you had to pick a video game world to live in, what would it be and why?
College dropouts: what happened?
What is your favorite made up tradition?
What game deserves a remaster?
Do you believe in zodiac signs? Why or why not?
What’s your opinion of a person who is lazy in life but with good morale/morals?
What non horror characters scare you the most?
What are your go to activities on a very rainy Saturday?
What as a girl do you wish guys knew?
What's been the suckiest day of your life so far?
Have you ever experienced deja vu? If yes, what was it and how?
What do you consider your most marketable talent?
What do you eat/drink daily or weekly and why?
How has the world changed the most for you in the past ten years?
What's your opinion on locking pliers aka vise grips?
What's the worst Karen you ever encountered?
If you had to play one game, 5 hours a day for one month, what game and why?
What’s your favorite instrument?
How would you politely reject a proposal in public?
what did you do that changed someone's life ?
What’s your biggest “Ohhhh that’s how you do it” moment?
What TV show do you absolutely love but other people just can't get into it?
If everyone suddenly gained all the knowledge in the world, how would the world change?
What impact, if any, would the discovery of life on Mars (or elsewhere) have on religious beliefs around the world?
What is a movie that surprises you when people say they haven’t seen it?
If you could go to sleep and dream about being you in another place for one month where would you go?
What was your reaction to Howie Mandell’s tiktok and why?
What are good ways to build your mental toughness?
What do you think you would drop when killed?
What lore have you reaearched the most and what is your favorite finding?
You can do all of your eating, sleeping, or pooping/peeing for the rest of your life and get it out of the way all at once so you never have to do it again. Which do you choose and why?
“For me, it is far better to grasp the Universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring.” - Carl Sagan How does this quote affect your life. Do you agree with the sentiment? Why/why not?
What was the most annoying ad youve Seen?
If you could choose a movie weapon that you can use in real life, what would it be?
God comes down from heaven and says I'm 24 hours, all white people will be wiped from the Earth, but you may choose three to be spared. Who do you choose?
What cartoon went downhill for you?
If you could implant a thought into anyone's mind, who would it be and what's the thought?
Including systems, methods, or processes, what are some poorly designed/inefficient technologies of the modern day?
How do you ask someone how they are actually doing?
Girls, why do you laugh?
How have you hinted at someone that you liked them?
What's the worst accent in your country?
What is the “I had to walk 5 miles to school everyday…” of this generation?
How do you overpower anxiety?
What's just another way of saying Im better than you in polite talk?
Who's that one friend you'll never forget, and why?
What’s the most metal movie you’ve ever seen?
What actor was so believable as a villain that it ruined them in any other role for you?
what's the Last lie you told?
How’s your schools bully doing now?
How did you overcome an inability to follow through on projects, tasks, everyday chores, etc?
Who works harder: office people or labor people?
People with depression, anxiety and loneliness when getting into relationship did it help with it?
What’s the simplest thing that makes you happy?
if someone is blind and deaf, what language would they speak?
What is the most embarrassing video on the internet?
What is the violence in Schindler’s List like compared to The Pianist?
[Serious] People who live in witness protection, what is your day to day life like?
What do you miss the most about your school life?
What is the worst time you have messed up when you were cooking?
People who have played as extras on a movie/tv show set, how was it?
What is your first impression on America?
What you did on your first date ?
Why don't incels date other incels?
If you could go back in time and say just one thing to yourself at the age of 10, what would it be?
What is the haircare tip you'd give to your younger self?
What's the name of the teacher you'll never forget about and why?
What is your least favorite word?
Where do you see yourself in 30 years?
[Serious] Secondary Survivors of sexual assault, How does it affect you, and what is your story?
Anyone who has worked UberEats, Instacart, or Doordash. Is it worth it for a part time gig?
Boob owners, how do you not get constantly distracted by your boobs?
If you could replace an actor from any show with Adam Sandler, who would it be and why?
Those who lived before social media, how genuine your friendship was compared to today where social media is everywhere?
What is the best sound in all of music?
At what things or thing Netflix good at?
What if this is all dream, and soon you'll wake up bound on a cart because you tried to cross the border and the Imperials caught you?
People that are afraid of snails and slugs why?
What is one thing that has caused you to immediately break up with someone?
Who was potrayed as a bigger villain than they were?
How would you order a pizza if you couldn't say pie or pizza?
Lovers of comic books, which dialog or quote you love the most from which comic?
What are your opinions on Fungi / Mushrooms?
What's the best memory you've had during covid?
What’s a fun way to celebrate somebody’s birthday when low on funds?
You’ve been taken hostage, in order to save yourself the kidnapper asks “What’s your favorite movie” if he likes the answer he lets you go, what’re you picking?
Which fictional character would you marry?
For a character to have wings, how would their shirt be designed?
What are your crush stories?
What wedding moment made you think: “They are not going to last long”?
What's something society would be better off without?
People who roleplayed, when did a friend or stranger take the rp too far?
Feeling really low right now, what are some good shows to binge as distraction?
What’s going to happen if the US puts up facial recognition cameras like they did in Hong Kong?
People who type k instead of ok, what do you do with all the time that you save by doing so?
What' something you still regularly do that is seen by everyone as a kid's thing?
What’s a cartoon/show from your childhood that you still watch to this day?
What’s your current favorite song?
What is the craziest thing you did under peer pressure?
What is the best way to make money as a (13-15) y/o?
What's the f*ck up of f*ck ups?
[Serious] For people who have gone through very tough times in their life. What kept you going? And what advice would you give to someone who could be in a similar situation?
At what (approx) age do y'all think the body starts degrading/becoming weak?
How do you block a particular youtube channel from coming up in search results ?
Is it worth it to attempt DIY plumbing as a white collar idiot who can follow directions and use tools slightly better than a early homosapien? Like replace an ejector pump or replace some sewer lines?
What's that song you cluelessly sang along to when you were younger but then one day when you heard it some years later you realized: Oh, so THAT is what this song really is about?
What's something you did or say that caused women to send you unsolicited nudes?
You're heard of garfieldminusgarfield; what other TV shows/movies/comics/you name it would be absurd without one of the main characters?
What’s the worst thing anyone has told you?
What’s the best way to share accomplishment you are proud of without coming across as smug?
Has anyone gone to grade school with a famous person?What are some stories/moments with them?
What's the weirdest/funniest thing you've ever walked in on with 0 contexts?
You know that you’ll be dying within the next 3 months. How would you max out your credit cards and burn through your savings?
If you are able to remove 3 things from this world, what would it be?
What do you think you’re ‘Top 10’ at in your state/region?
What's the worst advice someone has ever given you?
where to stream 'Human Giant', no luck finding anything?
what’s your nickname? why?
What’s is your favorite historical quote of all time?
what did you do instead when you stopped smoking?
What is something that could be done or happen that would restore a little of your faith in humanity?
What is your favorite Did you know? trivia?
What’s the scariest thing we could find at the bottom of the deepest ocean?
What flavor of ice cream do you wish existed?
What’s something you’ve experienced firsthand, and are glad to have made it out of the situation?
Football/soccer enthusiasts: what was your reaction to the 7-1 semi final game in the 2014 world cup?
What is your wildest Casino story?
If you have a Nintendo Wii how old is it?
What do you regret doing?
What is something you would say to someone to help them get out of a funk?
What was the best date you've ever had?
Who do you think was the best and the worst US president?
What is a misheard lyric that you still sing, even though you know the correct words?
If you could level up any aspect of yourself (i.e., strength, intelligence, charisma, etc.) but you had to decrease another aspect of yourself by the same amount, what aspects would you increase, and which would you decrease?
What are some badass german names you can think of?
What law would you put into place if you ran the world?
How did/do you set boundaries with your parents? Especially if they're the helicopter kind?
Are most of us genuinely depressed or has it just become a figure of speech like how people mix up being clean with having OCD?
Y’all ever feel like doing something really obscene in public just to see what would happen, only for your better judgement to kick in and stop you?
Whats The Most Mentally Disturbing/Experimental Songs You Ever Heard?
How do you force yourself to get up and work when you really do not want to?
What will you do if you see a lion?
Which movie would become more interesting if you change it’s genre?
If you could have any 1 item, what would it be?
What band/artist does everyone from any generation like?
What do you imagine a world without hypothetical situations would be like?
If life was a video game, what would be the boss battles?
You accidentally ate some radioactive pizza. The good news is it tasted great! The even better news is that its given you one superpower of your choice. What do you choose?
What is one song that you both love and hate at the same time?
Why would you do that? Have you no shame?
What is your to go party move?
Would you rather find out when you died or how you died? Why?
What is your favorite videogame?
How do you behave when you suddenly realise during an argument, either online or IRL, that you have your facts wrong?
What city is underrated?
Animals NEVER have abortions, so when will you strive to be like them?
If COVID never existed, what do you think would happen?
How do you feel about animal rights?
What’s a sentence you said and instantly regretted saying it?
What's an unusual urge you have that you know you would never do?
What would you think if your adult child needed to tell you something but they were too nervous to tell you?
What actually matters at the end of life?
How did u know, If someone had crush on u?
What’s something one type of person does that other types of people should try?
What is something cool/unique your body can do?
What feels worse than getting cheated on?
What things should no longer be considered inappropriate?
Who is that one deceased anime character you wish never died?
Does any of you work as a murderer? How can you help if anyone asks?
If you were presented with a box, that contained all the things you've thrown away only to regret later,, what would be in the box?
What is a word or phrase so often mispronounced that saying it the right way makes you seem like a douchebag?
What realizations have y'all had over the past year?
Who was your childhood crush?
[Serious] People who's best friend died unexpectedly, Whats your story?
What are ways to become an on-boat Deep Sea Marine Biologist without graduating from a university, perhaps if a person did studies by themself?
what you do when someone starts singing and playing guitar out of the blue all the time?
People named Chad, how has it been since your name became a meme?
What do you think about Pat Buchanan and Ron Paul?
What takes more time than people might realize?
In a Minnesota school, “furries” are demanding litter boxes as a restroom option, as some of the students identify as cats. What are your, thoughts, ideas, concerns?
What are the things you wish people would stop doing?
What is your(or someone you know) experience with arranged marriage? What would you say to someone on the fence about it?
What’s a game that no one cares about?
Why men lose interest when women confess of love?
What book do you think everyone must read in their lifetime ?
Who was your teacher crush and what were they like?
How will the metaverse change everyday life?
Which superheros have backstories that could have made them a villain?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever done?
Which words rhyme with orange?
What's the best decision you made in your teenage that's proved to be really beneficial?
How hot is too hot for you?
What's the equivalent to getting flowers, for men?
What is a polite way to tell someone to shut up?
For someone who has been through hell and back with a very horrible disability. What are the reasons Hollywood said no to the person who has been in pain for 7 years?
What do people think about still calling your mother mummy as an adult?
What's something no one is ever taught but everyone knows?
No Matter What It Is, What Is The Most Hilarious Meme To You?
What is a situation in which you want someone to think you're lying, but in reality you're telling the truth?
What are questions we will never get answers from?
What is your favorite god of any mythology? What are they the god of?
Your goal is to disappoint as many people as possible, what is your plan?
Kyle Rittenhouse, the movie. Whose the cast? What's the genre?
how likely are people who got cheated on, will do the cheating on their next relationship?
If you were invisible, would you see through your eyelids when you close your eyes?
What is the most logical way to record the loud, intermittent sounds a neighbour makes from the apartment above?
People who professionally interview individuals for jobs, do you take into account how nervous they are?
Time freezes for 1 hour in school. What you doing?
Left handed people, how are you holding up?
What’s your guilty pleasure?
What's the dumbest cotroversy someone you know believes in?
What state are you from, and what do you think of it?
what ia something that you want to happen but you know will never happen?
What are some good drinking songs/ chants?
Picture this, you sitting and your room and your mom calls you down/up for dinner so you grab your phone to check the time and your mom just texted you she’s gonna be home in 5 hours, what are you doing?
What are some ominous signs you might be getting fired?
What would you like to be known for in this one lifetime?
What’s your favorite font?
It’s your first day in hell and there is the same song playing on a loop for eternity. What song is playing?
What is seemingly useless but it is actually useful?
What happened when you got into a physical fight?
How blind people know they are clean after defecating as they can't see the toilet paper?
What are some key tips when starting your first job?
What is the worst possible response to I love you?
How many tacos are too many taco's?
What's a terrible thing that happened to you but you wouldn't change it because of the beneficial outcome?
When did you know it was love?
What's everyone's favourite author/book series?
What were you really into when you were a kid?
what's your favorite lgbtq fictional character?
what is the cringest thing that you saw a middle schooler do?
What’s your favorite animated movie?
What's something people do that's weird, but not harmful?
If you were a trained Assassin who would be your first target and why?
If you could erase one genre of videogame from existence, which one would it be?
What is the most memorable “random stranger encounter” you’ve had?
What is that one thing that you wouldn't wish even for your enemies?
what is your idea about science?
Found iPhone 13, it was unused or clearly wiped of all data. Tried to make a call on it but it said “this phone has been blocked from network usage.” How do you get it unblocked?
If You Describe A Meat As Tasting Like Chicken, What Do You Do If Someone Doesn't Know What Chicken Tastes Like?
How do you like your coffee?
What would you do if your biggest rival/enemy was mysteriously murdered and detectives showed up at your door but you're innocent with nothing to hide would you answer their questions or refuse and lawyer up anyway?
How would you explain what you do for a living to a caveman?
g'day, mate! what are some rumours about Australia that you want confirmed/debunked?
What is something you like to eat that others think is disgusting?
What are the most painful words someone has ever said to you?
If there was a union for houseplants, what would they call it?
What do you think about a 26 year old woman that works full-time as a CNA/Medtech but never wants to move out her parents house?
What is the dealbreaker for you, when looking at dating profiles?
What resource(s) would you recommend for the average science-incompetent adult?
Chances of being pregnant if condom was used and Did not ejaculate? How is it likely for a condom to fail or be broken?
To celebrate today, what should all women stop patting themselves on the back for?
You know that person you dont talk to anymore but still think about on a daily/weekly/monthly basis? Whats stopping you from reaching out to them??
How has bullying changed in the age of COVID where many kids do not interact with each other in person?
What is something that might be considered common sense but you disagree with and thus is not common sense?
What’s the funniest/most awkward way you’ve caught your partner masturbating?
If a man is sent to prison for selling marijuana should he be released if marijuana becomes legalised in his state? Why, why not?
Which TV show has the best theme song?
What is one thing that everybody wants to achieve but only person can attain it?
What are the zodiac signs of you and your gf/bf ?
People who suffer from opening themselves to others, what advice did you get to over with it?
What's a good way to ask someone out?
What’s the most disgusting thing you’ve ever put in your mouth?
If you had unlimited money and didn’t have to work, what would you do with your day to day life ?
What funny names do you call your pet?
What snack did you eat in secret the most when your parents weren't around?
What would you recommend for a new show of any genre to binge?
Which random song has been on repeat in your head?
Scrollers, if you had 1 unique skill what would it be?
What if you existed in dark souls as an undead?
Which zone are you in if a girl asks you to kiss after a bj and lick your own cum off of her body and face?
[Serious] What are some little things you like about life?
If you gave a man a loaf of bread, what kind of sandwich would you ask him to make?
What song do you want to hate but just can't because it's too damn catchy?
Would you rather be the more or less attractive partner in your relationship, and why?
What percentage of people pass the ACT/SAT?
What's the dumbest fucking question you've ever heard?
Should people about to go into the nursing home be given the option of dying. We don’t let animals suffer, why humans? It would allow money to be passed on to family members instead of draining personal funds and then the government. Maybe it’s a nursing home plot?
What game deserve an HD remaster ?
How much feet is 176cm?
People looking for an App developer, contact O P, what are you waiting for?
What is the worst country to live in, and why?
What minor mistake did you make when you were younger that you still think about now?
For those of you in long term relationships, how/when did you know that you love your SO?
When is the proper age to hold people accountable for their actions?
What made you instantly popular at college or school?
If you were a true human lie detector, what person would you use your super hero powers on first?
What is a fun fact about the leader of your country?
What are the health benefits of Ramadan fasting ?
If every time you sneezed, you teleported to somewhere else. Where’s the last place you want to end up?
What are actual experienced emotion(s) that you have but is not found in the (US) dictionary?
What are some lesser known secrets about dogs and their habits?
[SERIOUS] How to get through life eventhough you're not a positive thinker?
At what time would it be best to send an upsetting message to someone?
What do you think will happen in America in ~30 years when millennials who've never been able to amass savings get to retirement age?
What do you like to do solo and where?
What made you go ‘hahaha’?
What are the best anti BTS memes ?
Ladies, what do you keep with you when out alone for a sense of security or to aid you should you be attacked?
What’s stopping American workers from launching a mass strike for better pay and benefits?
What nonsexual nonverbal cue will make you feel genuinely loved?
To those of you who are on the autism spectrum, what is something that the parent of a newly diagnosed toddler should know?
What movie sequel do you purposefully ignore as to not ruin a previous movie?
What if your most favourite quote in a movie?
What are some advices that could save you from a lot of pain and suffering in the future?
How much time socializing is too much?
What do you think about the recent UFO crisis and what do you expect to happen next June after the US congress is officially briefed about the situation?
Which Christmas tradition would you end if you had the power to end one?
If you were to ban one thing what would it be?
What's a common lie on movies &amp; television you didn't realize wasn't true until adulthood?
People who killed someone. Why?
Which memory do you want to keep forever?
What was the best concert you've been to and what was the worst?
What's your pet peeve?
What is it like when you meet someone else who also has the name John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt?
Who do you look up to, and why?
What makes you unique ?
What are some horrible but funny pranks to play on your housemate?
What's something so stupid that every time you hear it you loose an IQ point?
You roll out of bed on a Saturday morning and the first thing you realise is your the only person here on earth. What you doing ?
What’s something that was hyped up to be the next big thing but then completely failed?
What makes red meat so bad for you?
What excuse do you think Putin would give if he wanted to invade Poland?
How would you describe someone who had “no life”?
What was the biggest risk you took that ultimately paid off?
Who is the most popular television character of all time?
What is the funniest nickname that somebody has given you?
You have one wish, your wish must accomplish the greater good for humanity, however you personally will not be affected by your own wish. What do you wish for?
What is the better than marriage?
If the world collectively agreed that religion and government were to remain separate from now on how do you think the world would change?
For those who frequently experience sleep paralysis: How do you wake yourself from it?
how do you think the world will end?
Whats that one annoying little thing your roommate does or did that absolutely drove you nuts?
you are x2 taller, whats the first thing you do?
When having your photograph taken and someone says say cheese are you supposed to say cheese?
If you could experience anything for the first time again what would it be?
What is something you're selfishly thankful for?
What states have the best and worse drivers about getting out of left lane when not passing?
Wondering if others have felt that life flies by very fast sometimes? what can someone do to help it?
if you sent a girlkill me, and she reply with omg babe just come over and I'll ro it, what is the best reply?
If you had to choose a phrase that would initiate the end of the world; what sequence of words do you feel confident no one would ever utter by accident?
What is something that could actually burn you or freeze you with just an instant exposure to it?
You are tasked with choosing a video to replace the Rickroll. What video do you choose and why?
What are some useful browser extension everyone should know?
What's sexier than a woman with hairy legs, women why do you shave?
If you could trade your life with any well known person dead or alive who would you trade it with and why?
[Serious] How to stop being fake ?
How should males take pictures of themselves?
You can get an answer to one question. Which one will you ask?
What are some adult, kid's movies?
Which pokemon would be most useless if it existed in real life?
What rule did you have at home you thought was completely normal as a kid, until you grew up and realized not all households followed?
What is your BEST SONG OF ALL TIME?
How do you feel about water?
What Are Your Thoughts On YouTuber’s V.S TikTokers?
What is the stupidest thing a teacher has said to you/someone you know?
What’s your boldest take when it comes to mental health?
If you could make any reform to society, what would you do?
What do you do when people make you feel stupid and dumb?
What are you doing if you win the Lottery?
What are the effects of censorship?
[Serious] What is the most shocking/saddest thing someone confessed while on their deathbed?
What historical figure was actually a decent person?
What or who do you hate the most and why?
What makes you think someone is crazy?
What is the best food for Christmas?
If humans had 9 lives like cats, what would your 1st Darwin Award be for?
Which last name is more appealing to you: Vavilonski, Romanski, Lembovski?
What do you want to vent about on this fine Friday afternoon?
how do dead animals in antarctica decompose if it's so cold there?
What was something good and bad you’ll always remember about your past relationship? (Serious)
[Serious] Who or what keeps stopping you from becoming who you want to be?
What is something you have in your apartment that every new apartment owner should get?
What is something you’ve had to tell your kids or pets that falls into the category of sentences you never thought you’d say - bonus points for context-?
What is something that would have been great if people didn’t make it look bad?
What was the worst physical pain you have ever felt?
What was your 'oh no' moment when you knew crap was going to hit the fan?
What is your opinion on giving younger kids phones?
People who have been infected with covid 19 and survived, what was your experience when you were infected and how did you overcome the disease?
How many years of life would be enough for you? Why?
What’s the mildest opinion you have that someone has gotten angry at you for?
What is your occupation and what made you choose it?
What good thing did the pandemic bring to your life?
Which is the website that help you to find error prices on online stores ?
Ladies what if one of your exes who you’ve broken up with on good terms texts you that he misses you and wants to see you?
What would it be like to live in a world where everyone has all the money they need and want?
Do you have emergency contacts in your phone? If so who are they?
People who have snuck out of their own home before, why?
What are your favorite words in the English language?
(SERIOUS) Therapists, What was the saddest thing your client told you?
What song have you heard that had a different meaning to you as you got older?
A billionaire has to spend a week in your hometown, how does he entertain himself?
Actual question: what are the best places and advices for a first date?
What amount of money would you have to win before being required to give away 50% of it didn't leave you feeling a little disappointed?
Teachers or educators with tattoos, what is it like having tattoos in your profession? Does it affect your day to day life?
What question would you like to be asked?
Who should Bill Gates start dating once the ink is dry in the divorce decree?
What is your homepage when you open the internet?
What single purchase brought you the most happiness?
What other subs would implode if they went on Fox News?
What is a question that is as annoying to your fandom as why didn't the birds take the ring to mordor?
People that received a large reward for a public crime lead or tip, how was the payout handled? Did they follow through? How did it go down without leaving too much detail?
What film becomes better when the word ‘Sexy’ is added into the title?
What do you think about making friends with your ex?
You have one meal to cook for gordon Ramsay what would you make ?
Whats the point of marriage?
Who would be cast as you in your biopic?
What is the biggest Deja Vu moment you have had?
Ancient Egyptians: How did you build the pyramids?
What is the coolest thing you’ve seen/witnessed traveling on a highway?
The tablets with the 10 commandments appear today. When turned over, there is a number 11 but the words are faded. What commandment would you add?
People who think 'kill all men', why do you think that way?
Why would someone assume animals are dumb and have no inner thoughts/ideas?
What is the best sci-fi film?
Which is the best place in the world to travel for a new couple?
If you had to choose, which body part would you sacrifice to save a family member or friend?
If you had to devote your life working on a solution to a single problem that would be solved upon your death, what problem would you choose to spend your whole life solving and why?
If you could eliminate one non-human species without disturbing the ecological balance, what would it be and why?
What did you do with all those old college notes once done with studies ?
Not what you think, but what you feel, does a woman or a man lose their potential value as a husband or wife, if theyve been slept with a few times by strangers? Why not or why?
What implications in the Harry Potter universe are most horrifying?
What’s your favorite mind altering substance (legal or not) and why?
What is/are your god/s?
What's your opinion of Warren Buffett?
what is your best time to fucking riot story?
What is something you always look forward to?
You have one hour with Obi-Wan Kenobi. You can do anything to him, are make him do anything to you. What do you do?
What plans do folks have on a Friday night?
Is it normal to feel nauseous after seeing a gory scene within a movie/ tv show? What are the best ways to ease into gore?
Which celebrity’s name now describes a type of personality?
How can someone who is really poor manage to be happy?
What other wacky friends might Dorothy have met along the yellow brick road?
Why do you want to have biological children?
Do you care about what your cousins do, why why not?
Funeral home insiders, what are the dark secrets of the mourn industry?
What is your favorite literary quote?
What is cheap but makes life easier?
Who loves Sundays and why?
How do you feel about sending the worst criminals to exile again?
How did the story of your first love end?
What’s the most beautiful place you have ever been?
What are some of your funniest wifi/hotspot passwords?
How common are secret passage ways really (like the ones you see in movies and video games)?
what is the most important thing missing in your life right now?
What do you think about the egg industry?
Girls, where do you finish when you masturbate?
What is the worst punishment you were ever given?
Thoughts on YouTubers whose sole purpose is messing with regular working people?
[serious] How has the year of pandemic changed you fundamentally (for better or worse)?
As per a scientific theory, there are infinite number of universes with something different about ourselfs. Which one would you love and which one would you hate?
How do you think job interviews for job interviewers go down?
What hobbies have come and gone for you, and what made you lose interest?
Why are you crying right now?
What are some fun/enjoyable hobbies to have?
What’s one item you never had to buy because it’s always readily available?
What do you do to fall asleep?
What is a weird family tradition you have?
What’s the best thing that you’ve bought that’s most positively impacted your life, under $100?
How does it feel like being looked down on?
Which do you eat first, the burger or the fries ?
If you could go back 10 years and change one thing, what would it be?
If your Username was a business what would it do/sell?
How do you win more arguments with your wife/GF?
How did you get your libido back?
Which F.R.I.E.N.D.S character do you relate to the most?
Parents— what’s your best advice on calming down a child who is having a temper tantrum?
[Serious] How was it meeting your partner's parents for the first time?
You find yourself in a similar situation to 17 Again, you back to when you were 17 years old, as your 17 yo self, with all the wisdom/knowledge you have now. What do you do?
What is the most interesting fact you know?
What is your take on this question: Do you think Minecraft will ever regain it's former glory?
What’s your weirdest eating habit?
What are your thoughts on the rock band Firehouse?
What do you do best?
What is your honest opinion on funeral convoys?
If you had to choose a relative of yours to die, which one would it be and why?
How would you describe someone you recently unfollowed on social media and why’d you unfollow them?
Folks who are looking for partners, how do you know you're ready for marriage or long term relationship?
What’d you say you’d never do, but it happened anyways?
Sometimes people say “this world is full of dirtbags”, so how would you redo peoples personalities?
Being born wasn't a choice - what are u doing about it?
What’s something you do when you’re alone that you’re to embarrassed to do around other people?
People that don't usually get scared by movies, what's the one movie that DID actually scare you?
It's the last Friday of the year, what would be the best/worst way to use it?
What is your best experience with good neighbours?
The closest road to you suddenly turns into one massive game of bumper cars. How crazy is it and how many people are hurt in the process?
What's something you practice everyday and still suck?
Drug dealer/ buyers what are some memorable moments when buying/selling drugs?
which things teachers told will be needed after school, but actually will not?
If you were last person on earth,what will be the first thing you do?
If you could be in one video game universe or world what would it be and why?
what could happen if the most powerful country decides to become fascist?
Who do you blame for your misery?
What's something that isn't enough?
What video game will you NEVER play?
What is the best insult you have heard from a kid?
The US was once regarded as The land of Opportunity things change, where do you think the land of opportunity is now?
Car alarm across the street has been going off multiple times every hour for the past few days causing lack of sleep what action can be taken against this in the when owner of car is unknown in the US?
You have the ability to be a master of any one skill for 24 hours at the cost of never being able to master it ever again in your life what skill would you pick to temporarily master and why?
at what age ( approximately ) do you stop blaming ' mommy and daddy ' for your problems grab the bull by the horns and take control of your own life?
what is the worst thing you’ve seen happen to your teacher?
What is one thing you hope people will remember about you?
What is the most generous/wholesome thing you've ever done that you never told anyone?
Those that were homeschooled, what was your experience? Would you recommend it?
What's a high school rumor that turned out to be true?
There is a somewhat common saying You don't want a boat, you want a friend with a boat. What other purchases would this apply to and why?
What group of people just annoy you?
What is an outfit that women wear that is unattractive?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever encountered online?
What do you want?
What is your body count?
Who do you think is the hottest villain in a TV show or movie?
Which actor, musician, Youtuber were you happy to see their popularity grow?
What comes to your mind when you think of Iran?
What's your biggest pet peeve?
What’s your favorite movie from the 80’s?
What was the best TV show that stayed in the 90s with no movie versions, reboots or spinoffs?
What’s the most open minded thing you do?
What would you drink a glass of ice cold cow's milk with?
what's the most disturbing shock video you've seen?
What is your shot on iPhone meme moment?
Whats the worst thing coming for humanity in the 2020s and beyond?
What is your favourite race?
Divers, what is the weirdest thing you have found while underwater?
What’s something you wish you didn’t know?
If you could choose, what would be your last meal?
How can you earn money on Internet with just $50?
Whose the worst person you’ve known or come across?
Now that Biden has been in office for a while, what do you like/dislike about his policies and what he already has done?
Non-Floridians, what pops up in your head when you think of Florida?
Be honest, would you classify yourself as more submissive or dominant? Why?
You are Captain America in Endgame and your best friend is Sam, what do they say to you instead of On your left?
What is the best way to deal with an constant attention seeking GF?
You find out everyone on this earth is gone, what's the first thing you're doing?
What's in your pockets? Huh?
What's so bad that it's good?
What are you going to do with your $1400 Stimulus check?
What’s the most efficient language to speak?
If someone came along and said they could show you what your life would have been like if x (job, spouse, death of a parent, bad choice you made, etc) had been different BUT there was no actual way to change anything, just see what the alternate course would’ve been...would you want to see it?
For you, what superpower has the most setbacks?
What makes something morally right?
What stands between you and happiness?
What secret would you not be surprised by if it became public today?
You have 24 hours to spend 100 billion dollars, what do you buy?
What’s the most useless college degree?
What is yellow on the outside, but black or brown on the inside?
What is a video game DLC that is as good, if not better than the original game?
What's a piece of advice you use on a regular basis?
What's a saying that makes absolutely no sense to you?
What kind of profile picture/bio turns you off (for any kind of social media)?
Non-Americans, what is your opinion on the USA and its people?
Did you know your wife or husband was going to be your wife or husband when you first met? How did it happen?
What is your best dating advice for young adults?
people who got pregnant with condom what went wrong?
If u got send to past 10 yrs from now? How will u change your life?
If you had a 3 liter jar full of pure capsaicin and no laws apply to you, what would you do with it?
What cartoon character would you trade lives with?
What do you collect, and what's your favorite out of your collection?
Which game deserves sequel?
For those that have never lost a sock in the wash. What’s your secret?
What is your favorite type of milk?
What’s your go-to first guess on Wordle, and why?
You are the answer. What is the question?
What series you watched that everybody loved but you didn't and why you didn't like it ?
Girls What Questions About Guys Do You Want Answered but too afraid to ask?
What's the most useful skill you could pick up in a 10 day quarantine?
Which fictional universe would you NOT want to live in?
How rare is cursive?
What is your favourite episode of your favourite tv show (cartoon/live action) and why?
Students are not taught to write in the active voice in high school because the educational system in America attempts to create passive thinkers, thus teaching students to write in the passive voice. To what extent is that statement true?
What’s something you’ve borrowed and made sure to give back in time (and in good condition) because you knew how much the thing meant to the person? Or vice versa?
What are some of your favorite/most nostalgic memories of the early internet?
what was the worst phase you went through in your life?
Facebook is considering changing its name. What do you think the new name should be?
Which famous athlete (NFL,NBA,MLB,NHL etc.) can be a great president of their country?
People who pay hookers why?
What are the most confirmed False Flag operations in the world?
What hairstyle r u wearing rn ?
What's a song that sounds suspiciously a lot like another?
If there was one thing you could change about your life, what would it be?
What's your definition of winning in life?
If you had the power to make 1 person eternally happy, who would you use it on? Can’t be yourself, sorry!?
How can you instantly improve your breakfast game?
Today is Betty White’s 99th birthday. What is something she is older than?
What was your most terrifying reoccurring nightmare?
What’s your best “it’s not what it looks like” story?
Which TV show do you never tire of rewatching?
What did you discover by accident and now you can't live without?
What is your job and what are the potential career related health issues related to it?
To Ex/Past Bullies, why did you do it? And how do you feel about it now?
Who's hotter Jennifer Marlow or Bailey Quarters ?
People who have been on an amusement park ride when it malfunctioned, what did you think in the moment or, if a major accident, do you remember it?
I sleep on a chair in the sitting room there is a room for me but my mam still hasn't started clearing it out , what do I do?
What are new parents most worried about?
Whats the worst bathroom discovery or misfortune you walked on or into?
What's something you used to be cheap on, until you tried a high-quality version, and now you can't go back?
If you could go back in time and say something to younger you what would it be?
What superpower you want and why?
What’s a movie everyone has seen, but you haven’t?
When did you first learn of banana for scale?
What would be your answer to the question for Miss Universe Mexico If you were the leader of your country, how would you have handled the COVID-19 pandemic? what would be your answer?
What’s a situation where you needed to give up something good to get something better?
If you could bring a famous person from the past to see how the future turned out who would it be and why?
What weird name does your family use for everyday/common items?
What is your favorite quote from someone?
Who has the most punchable face?
What's the stupidest thing a pet of yours has done?
What is the most funniest/weirdest thought you have had?
who do you wish would stop acting?
What does everyone think is boring but you think is interesting?
you become a guest fighter in Super Smash Bro's, what's your special move?
If you hate yourself, why?
What was that about hats again?
What tv show or movie isn’t as good as everyone claims?
What do you think of a guy who invited you to watch a movie in his place ?
What’s the easiest way to make a million dollars?
If you could take the place of any protagonist in any movie/book/tv show, who would it be and why?
What’s the funniest thing you’ve witnessed in person?
What was the first song you heard?
What did someone say/do that made you instantly realise it wasnt worth pursuing the relationship with them?
Gentlemen, when you are receiving head, how do you know you won't get bitten?
Are we ok with how the block feature now lets trolls block you from responding to comment threads they are in?
If you’ve ever got off a murder charge on self-defense, what happened?
What's the most American thing you've ever heard?
What was your closest shave with death?
What's your worst job interview experience?
What is it about serial killers that fascinates us? And which serial killer most fascinates you?
What should’ve been the toys in the new adult happy meal?
What happens If someone fails to pass the practical exam but passes the final exam?
What is your opinion on the simulation theory?
What can a rich person do to make themselves feel like a normal person?
What's something you regret?
[Serious] What is it like to live in a third-world country?
What's highly flammable around your house that you never imagined to be?
If you could walk out of your job, how would you do it? what would you say/do?
What is something that decreases in value as time goes on?
What do you refuse to buy cheap?
Flight Attendants - What happens when someone poops on a plane?
What is best thing you have done in your life?
What are Some Free and Helpful Educational Sites Online?
What’s the best/Most fun sexual experience you’ve ever had?
In your hobbies that require buying things, what is the best value for the money?
How were opioid companies allowed to lie about the addictiveness of the drug?
What's The Best Thing About The 1990's?
If you could change the flavor of one food, what would the food be and what would you make it’s new flavor?
Is there a hero movie where the hero deosn’t like people?
What was the biggest surprise for you this year?
What will finally break the internet?
Who/what do you trust the most?
What's a good animated show with little to no words, that isn't anime?
[Serious] Are you truly an artist if the thing you create isn't new or original? Why?
What’s the dumbest way you’ve been hurt?
What are some good documentaries that discuss anti-vaxxing, in the same vein as Behind The Curve?
What did you do while on autopilot that made you immediately step back and say Holy crap, that was awesome?
What do you think is the most embarrassing job?
What's the most shallow thing you've ever heard?
what body part would you sell in exchange for 1,000,000 dollars?
What if lizard people were real?
what is the post painful injury you've had to tough out?
What is the best movie you'll never watch again?
Do you believe in supernatural things? Why or why not?
Where do you draw the line?
What are some small inventions that we have now that we don't even think about?
What was your “Scared shitless” moment? What happened?
How should healthy internal monologues sound?
What song do you think is the national anthem of the internet?
What was a small bad thing you did that ended up having large unintended consequences later on?
What was the most difficult conversation you ever had to habe?
What fictional character had the most anticlimactic death ever?
What is your favourite colour?
Which team do you support in the upcoming Qatar Football World Cup?
What are some great harmless pranks for next April Fools?
What are obvious signs of drug abuse?
What's a home remedy/old wives tale that is disproved by science, but you're still 100% convinced works?
What is the dumbest reason you’ve been rejected for?
How much minecraft could a minecrafter craft, if a minecrafter could craft minecraft?
[Serious] Those who say morning/night instead of good morning/ good night, why?
What is the most memorable movie line of all time in your opinion?
What is your worst memory related to hospitals?
What is your opinion on Hip Hop/Rap and why do you think that?
What is the best or worst feature that you've seen added to an app or game that made it 10 times better or a million times worse?
What does it feel like when you fuse all the animal milk and plant milk together does it taste good?
If you could change one thing about humanity, what would it be?
What is the dumbest thing you've seen someone do?
What's the worst gift you have ever received for Christmas? How did you react?
What's the biggest lie you ever told and why?
What small, simple and seemingly boring things make you feel inexplicably happy?
If the US became a dictatorship with lifetime appointment, who would trust to appoint to the role?
[serious] What is the most atrocious crime ever committed by a single person?
What is the most akward moment you've ever had at a checkout counter?
What is your favourite destination(s) you have ever visited ?
What’s something you would make popular again?
What are some good debate subs?
What company do you not expect to see around anymore in the next 10 years?
What is your favorite mental illness?
Dog owners or people who love dogs, what are some funny dog stories that you guys can share ??
What’s a true story of yours that no one would believe actually happened?
What happens if earth turns out to be flat?
If your friend/family won a big jackpot, like the PowerBall but they disappeared before they cash their winning ticket is cashed, and you had full access to the ticket, what woild you do with it?
What’s a movie you’ve watched at least 20 times?
what are your go-to never fail methods when practicing both physical/mental self care?
Where do bad folks go when they die?
How wrong is it to profit of a self-made CGI human model of a different ethnicity on OnlyFans?
Metaphorically or literally, what is one of the most secure locations you can think of?
People who talk to themselves, when do you do that the most?
What song or soundtrack can you recognize even in it's most faint form and what memory does it instantly bring up?
What’s the creepiest thing you’ve encountered on a walk, hike or drive?
People who do not use banks, how do you manage your finances?
What was the worst case you seen someone go through a power trip?
What hidden talent(s) didn’t you discover until you became an adult?
What cover songs do you think are better than the original?
Which stealth soap opera is your favourite?
Which foods make you have the loudest farts?
What song do you love the melody but hate the lyrics?
What did a woman do to you that wouldn't be accepted by society if it was a man ?
Whatever happened to the great Don't Touch Your Face hysteria of 2020?
What should never be taught in school?
What's the worst thing you've forgiven?
How would you react if one day you woke up and all your hair fell off on the top of your head leaving a horseshoe hair pattern?
What's a past New Year's resolution the worked out well for you?
People with tattoos, what was your first tattoo? What's the story/meaning behind it?
What shouldn't be free?
How do you usually spend your Friday night?
What year in sports is undeniably the best all around?
What’s something you don’t think will happen soon, but hope to see happen in your lifetime?
[Serious] Why was the covid 19 pill never made available to the American public?
What do you say to all the right-wing people who can't enjoy Christmas?
What is the point of having a “baby on board” sticker on the back of your car?
What's the funniest thing your pet has ever done?
If you would make a water proofing company what would you call it ?
What is ur definition of loyalty ?
Boys, what is a question you have always wanted to ask a girl?
What the hell is wrong with you?
Would you risk your life to save somebody else’s? Why/why not?
How was your 2022?
Who is a good or comparatively tolerable character in an otherwise bad film or show?
what is your least favourite Mario Kart item and why?
What if our parents never met and married different people? would we have been our dad's child or our mom's child?
What is a line from a game that instantly let's someone know you're a gamer?
What’s your most self-destructive habit?
Whats the most interesting and unknown event in history you know of?
What would the workplace have looked like if this covid pandemic had happened in the 1970-80’s etc when access to computers wasnt a universal work thing?
Why, or in what ways, do you consider the Chinese as a friend or an enemy ?
What's a lifestyle, that you can't understand?
How is your day going?
What is your scariest story?
What's something thats technically illegal, that people do everyday that annoys you?
What is the best comeback you've ever heard?
What do you think is the most fascinating decade of the last 100 years and why?
What are you doing now?
What is an obscure or interesting indication that a celebrity has ‘made it’?
How do you feel love?
What is the worst experience you’ve had in retail?
What is some lingo that you stole from your significant other?
what were you doing during Abraham Lincoln's assassination?
What is a suitable place to post pictures of an old faded sign that needs deciphering?
What stupid thing did you do as a child and still feel guilty/ashamed about?
People who somehow become deaf whenever you're looking at your phone, how and why?
Do all guys who say they want to chat &amp; flirt really only want cybersex?
What’s your USP (unique selling point)?
Where are you from? And what makes your country unworthy live in?
What are the most famous computer passwords in history?
What’s the biggest rash purchase you’ve ever made? How did it turn out?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be and why?
South Americans with German heritage what kind of response do you get when that information is learned by someone?
What side character in a TV show deserves there own series?
What do you hate?
What is your most disturbing google search?
Have you ever been arrested and for what?
What do you guys think about The Cuphead Show on Netflix?
Which mental exercise/crutch has given you the most inner peace?
What is the worst fight that happened at your school?
[Serious] What are some things people forget about life on purpose to continue functioning?
What's more important than a relationship?
What is your favorite meal on Thanksgiving?
What artist, director, or musician who's work you still enjoy even though you know them to be terrible human beings?
What came first queen Elizabeth or the dinos?
What would you be doing as a career if you were unsuccessful at what you are doing now?
What country is your least favourite?
Who would be your pick for today's equivalent of Helen Of Troy (the face that launched a thousand ships)?
What looks easy but is actually difficult?
What if Thanos was real, are you fighting with him or against him?
Looking for suggestions; whats the best tv shows/series to watch right now?
who is ur hero?
What are you addicted to?
If you could have a super power, which one you would choose and why?
What’s a time you lied about your age and why?
What's a kink that a chubby girl would like?
What is Your Favorite Comfort Song to Listen To?
What have you done today to bring shame to your parents?
What are the best/funniest movies to watch while drunk or high?
What’s the best place to travel to purely for the natural scenery?
What movies looked completely different from the trailers?
If you were a game master of a game like in the show Squidgame (and had no morality) what game would you do and how would it work?
What is the first thing you will do when the pandemic ends?
What are some of the most interesting questions you have ever been asked?
What is the last thing you've cried about?
What websites seem illegal but aren't?
What is the most beautiful place you have ever traveled to?
What movies creeped you out as a kid?
What book or movie have you read/watched recently that has actually changed your outlook on life?
How often do you bathe?
What minor rewrite would greatly improve a movie you've seen?
What's your craziest work story?
What's your favorite view?
What is the best chocolate?
How uncommon is it to find fulfilled people who take control of their lives and live on their own terms?
what are questions you hate being asked?
Why are you still a virgin?
What's the dumbest thing a smart celebrity has said?
For people who have traveled all over the world. What was your biggest culture shock moment?
Those who are in debt, how'd you get yourself there?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever done or said?
How easy/difficult was it for you to find a hair style that worked for you?
What is your irrational fear?
Which sub complains the most about brigading?
what are your thoughts on how a lot of young females these days go to the gym and lift weights and build muscle even though it is not a feminine activity?
What makes an album a 10/10?
What are signs that a girl is interested in a person in a public setting?
Why aren’t car’s speed limited to the country’s highest speed limit?
What is it like to be in a relationship with someone who is obsessed with themselves? Craves attention, always and only taking selfies. Can they turn it off when with their significant other? Or does their physical attractiveness make it worth putting up with?
How do you deal with impostor syndrome?
Where do people with no arms get needles?
Without revealing your age, who was your favorite athlete growing up?
Knowing that the world is ending tomorrow, how would you blow every ounce of your money?
Which singer you really like his/her music, but hate his/her personality?
whats something people are not ready to hear?
Americans, what’s the worst thing to wear to school?
Programmers of google, what do you do?
when was the moment you realized you were in love?
The nearest blue object to you is what kills you. How screwed are you?
What is the weirdest thing that has turned you on?
How is your day going?
What date would you like to live on?
Who are some of the sexiest movie actresses of recent times?
When was the last time you thought you are going to die?
[Serious] Pple who had a brain injury, has it changed your personality?
Why do you think no one wanted to participate in this school song contest?
New office set up, What are some of the better office chairs ? and where to look ?
What's the most annoying/infuriating thing your boy/girlfriend does?
Whats something normal that just aggravates you so much but really shouldn’t?
What is your favorite song, and how did it become you’re favorite song?
What’s the weirdest internet rabbit hole you’ve been down?
What is your most rewatched tv show/movie?
Yooo, How... it is to touch a Girls boob-- like... how it is the feeling?
what’s your favorite not-so-fun fact?
YouTube Music or Spotify? Why?
What's the better language to start programming ? Python or something else ?
What social media platform is the worst? Why?
What is your best answer to who asked?
What was your favourite flash game?
Who are you most disappointed of?
What's it like to have things go your way?
What is your country's national treasure ?
Which nut gave you the most confronting moment of post nut clarity?
What was your life changing moment?
What are the most annoying medical problems you have?
What's The Best Response For '🗿' ?
People with ADHD or oral fixations, what can you use to maintain stimulation without eating?
What is the best way that someone has ever apologized to you?
What holiday do you celebrate in December?
What would you do if you were president?
If you have, what did you learn from playing Red Dead Redemption 2?
What is something you wished for as a kid but never received?
What was the most surprising thing to learn about your partner after moving together?
What words have you been miss pronouncing for years?
Who is the most awful Late Night Show host in US TV history ?
What was the source of your trust issues with the opposite gender(s) that you have not been able to overcome yet?
How did you react when you find out your high school is getting married?
What’s one flaw in your government and why?
Women, what's a question you have for men?
What was your worst experience as a customer?
Those of you who go to schools with no set uniform what’s the craziest/weirdest thing someone has wore?
What would you do, if your mothers sisters husbands father in law was your grandad?
Enough with amber turd and ezra miller, who are some genuinely good hearted celebrities?
What are the most important elements or achievements you consider when contemplating who to vote for in your state or local elections?
What fictional high school do you wish you attended?
What is the reason in the Marvel movie Eternals that three characters are gender changed?
How common is it for siblings to have sexual attraction to one-another?
Movie and TV extras, what was your biggest role?
Who is your favorite lovable asshole across movies and tv?
What advice would you give your teenage self if you could?
People in 2024, how's it doing?
What could someone do that'd make you hate them forever?
When was the last time you had a genuine smile and what got you smiling?
What can make some men date fast after a break up?
What’s the craziest or oddest celebrity beef?
How often do you walk around the house with only 1 sock on?
What is the dumbest/funniest story you have behind one of your scars?
Apart from Jesus, who’s the most famous person in history?
To people who sort by new, why?
When did you become sentient?
What’s the most (non-physical) attractive thing about your partner/crush?
What are some clothes that you would never wear?
What's your favourite video on the internet?
Where was the best place to skip school?
What or who is your new Donald Trump?
What's the best cereal even when it's gone soggy?
What is the song you would listen 5 minutes before the end of the world ?
Pretend to get confused... how was your day today?
For those who can see and talk the dead, what is that like?
Car drivers who use earphones while driving, why do you do that?
what's the biggest ICK someone's given you?
What’s the wrongest way to propose?
What is the best thing that happend to you in 2021?
People who willing sleep with their door wide open--why?
Who is the most beautiful woman in the world?
What's up with Jared Leto and bad movies?
How do you respond to a friend that says “your the whitest black I know”?
Why should employers now accept, “if you can’t handle me at my worst, you don’t deserve me at my best?”
what's something that sucks in a relationship?
What changed your life today?
[Serious] men who were falsely accused of rape and managed to prove their innocence what is your story and how did others react to the accusation?
Which music artist gets away with sounding the same every song?
Which city is more iconic: London, New York, or Paris?
What moment changed your life or the life of someone you know forever?
What is the most heroic thing you have done?
How can you be illegally deaf and/or blind?
Is it possible for a celebrity to become homeless? If so how?
What’s something you wouldn’t do even if you were paid to?
What’s a body part you wouldn’t mind losing?
What’s the most embarrassing way to die?
What is a habit that most people find disgusting but you have no problems with?
What Album is Flawless Front to Back?
What is something you wish your parents had taught you, that you had to figure out yourself later in life?
What do you guys think, is America as a society and as a world power regressing?
How should one stop obsessing over the girl you like?
What feels like a crime but isn’t?
[Serious] What makes a likeable female character?
What sports supplements can be used at 15 years old?
what is your best movies?
If you had to get rid of one of your senses, like taste or hearing, and had the opportunity to double another, what would you do and why?
You are dying of scurvy. Where are you and what happened? Basically what is your scurvy fantasy? How do you save yourself if possible?
People who developed chronic pain with long-covid, what treatments have you been using that have helped?
What is the most alien creature on earth?
What’s a movie quote that you use in your everyday life?
If neurodivergent people, and neurotypicals switched places (neurodivergents being the mayority and neurotypicals seen as a disorder) what would be some challenges neurotypical people would face?
what kind of metal does a man have?
What’s the perfect crime?
What is something you crave, have it, then instantly regret it?
What are some of the wildest conspiracy theories you have heard of or believe in that not a lot of people know about?
If you were given $10,000 to try and improve the city you live in, what would you spend it on and why?
What's up with that one gas station that's always cheaper than the others? Is it really lower quality gas? [Serious]
What game did you grind for the most?
Why do you think black women receive so much hate?
What is your weirdest/coolest/creepiest/scariest fact about the human body?
What's the longest/most complicated answer you've ever gotten to a simple question?
What is a true story that could make a great movie?
What would happen if Queen Elizabeth announced she was going to participate in a celebrity boxing match for charity? Who would you like to see her fight?
What's the sickest burn (insult) you ever gave?
What game would you recommend to someone who is not good at games?
how do you communicate with people away from you if you dont have a smartphone?
What’s a smell you love that everyone hates?
what has the internet changed about the common person?
What’s the worst color that was ever invented?
If you could be any species, what would you be?
What is the first innocently cynical thought you remember having? How old were you?
If you accidently stab someone, should you apologise and why or why not?
What is your guilty pleasure?
People cry when they are injured even tho it doesn't hurt. Why?
which book about serial killers to buy?
What is the first thing comes to your mind when you hear the name, Amber Heard?
Which would you prefer Housework or Homework?
What question do you want to ask the ‘you’ of 2030?
Cliche but what will be your this year's New Year resolution?
If mutants like the x-men existed in real life, how would they compete in the Olympics? Mutant class? Mutation class? Together with the non mutants?
(serious) How to tell children where do babies come from?
What’s the most attractive thing you look for in a person?
Which anime started off strong but it quality went really downhill?
When have you seen someone publicly have a tantrum?
OG Gamers, what online game did you enjoy but was ruined by the new gamers of today?
How come they randomly decided to think about illegalizing a bortion out of nowhere?
How do you stay calm and collected when someone is rushing you, to finish doing something or when you’re speaking?
What made you fall for your first love?
You can choose any one man in the world and the next time they nut it will lauch with enough force to shatter a diamond. Who do you choose and why?
[Serious] At what point in your life did you feel really and truly content?
What do you think of guys with foot fetishes?
What's an everyday problem you wish could be solved?
What tastes good but shouldn’t ?
What Movie Character Death Hits the Hardest For You?
How are you feeling today?
How does one tell someone that god is in them?
[Serious] people who are bi when did you know?
What is your favorite brand of water?
You wake up on a cart heading to Helgen to await your execution. What do you do?
Men who wear womens clothing why do you do it and what do you wear?
what's your favorite Horror film?
What is the most absurd sentence (like I have never heard that in my life type of sentence) you have seen put together?
What are the coolest, most random facts you know for absolutely no reason?
If your job gave you a surprise three day paid break (3k bonus a day) to rest and recuperate, what would you do with those three days?
What the world would be like if periods were random but boners were monthly?
Aside from self-identification, aside from genitals, what's the best indication of a person's gender?
What are the dumbest / most pointless startups or products you've ever seen?
What is the dumbest question you’ve ever been asked?
What do children hate?
What’s a good example of a fact that is very offensive but also very true?
What's something your not allowed to complain about?
What is the one thing in your house that annoys you but you haven't done anything about it?
What were your Fears as a Child and how did you as a child tried to overcome it?
If you have $1,000,000 today which you can invest for the next 10yrs, where will you put it and why?
What would be the most comically stupid thing to do in a hostage situation for all or one party?
What have you got enough of to last a lifetime?
With modern countries of the world heading towards becoming a cashless society; what would happen if everybody, including businesses decided to withdraw all their cash from the banks and just live in a cash society?
What's the worst thing about being a man?
What do other people have that you wish you had?
What's the best excuse for skipping online class?
What was the scariest event in history?
At what point did you realize “There’s just some people who can’t be helped”?
if you had to choose, how would you die?
Who’s that one person you hate So fucking much?
What is the probability of living to 133 with bad stomach problems?
Have you ever had a conversation with a celebrity? What was it like?
What’s your online retail therapy go to ?
What have you managed to accomplish during COVID’s lockdown?
What do you hate about the world we live in?
do you think pit-bulls deserve all the hate, why or why not?
What's the sexiest nonsexual thing or behavior?
What you meant to do when people sing you happy birthday ??
How much can we time travel back to the past? How can we enjoy those good old days EXACTLY as we felt it on back on those days?
What is the worst condiment you’ve seen on pizza?
What are some of your pet peeves?
What is the deepest desire of yours?
Were more alike than we think. Republicans who is your favorite Democrat? Democrats who is your favorite Republican?
Which fictional world would you want to live in and why?
The older you get, the harder it is to make friends, why is that?
What makes someone a 'woke' person?
What is something you want to get off your chest?
What are your evil plans for April fool’s day?
Does a nice butt have any power over you, why or why not?
What is your favorite Fast Food Chain?
What famous rock star did you see perform before their untimely death?
What’s a dark story you’ve heard that’s kept you up at night?
People who collected Goosebumps books back in the day…did any of the books actually scare you?
What do you miss about the old Internet?
What is a food that you used to eat but no longer don’t and why?
What is time incapable of healing?
Everyone talks about their biggest regret, but what is your smallest regret?
Why are YOU currently not following your dreams?
If Earth was a movie, who would be the protagonist?
When did you realize you were struggling with anxiety and not just stressed out?
To the people who sit in your cars in the back of parking lots, what are you doing?
What’s the best case scenario moving forward regarding Afghanistan?
Who is your favourite female movie villain?
People who got back/ stayed with a cheating partner, what was the outcome? [serious]
What do you think about Austria?
How is a sandwich filling enough to be considered lunch/dinner?
What's the etiquette of working inside a cafe for hours?
What isn’t a lie but an inconvenient truth?
How do you convince someone that Covid is real?
How gay are you?
What’s the weirdest dream you have ever had?
Do you believe that President Joe Biden has dementia? Why or why not? (Serious)
What is a fact that you need to know in life but that school doesn’t teach you?
When the sun eventually burns out, Earth would find out about 8 minutes later. If the sun burned out 7 minutes and 59 seconds ago, how will you have unwittingly spent your last 8 minutes of life as we know it?
Curious. If you were a woman at a store and you were approached by a decent looking man and he was confident in what he was asking, if you were offered $1000 for anal would you take the money? No strings attached, safe easy money would you take it?
Judy Hopps and Rouge the Bat are naked and completely covered in oil. Who’s winning the twerk off?
What do you think is the most attractive hair color?
What’s the best way to know if something is a scam?
What's a good reason you would go to jail?
What is something that makes you feel instantly nostalgic?
What was your I travelled this long, to see this bs moment?
You're given the chance to derail a normal and friendly conversation, How'd you go about doing that?
How big a role does music play in your life?
What are your thoughts on Myhouseisdirty YouTube pranks, is he in the wrong or in the right?
To the people that have no parent left? How do you fell?
What country has the best food?
What would happen if the US used the popular vote?
What is a kink that should always be shamed?
What is the best actor ever??
Russia remains silent on the war and US keep spinning stories to the media like a kid trying to predict how his parents are going to react, why?
How often do you change your bedsheets?
Protestors that block roads. Why?
What would be a cool power to give to a character who is a martial arts master?
What used to be common but is now considered a luxury?
What’s a good way to narrow down where to live in the US?
What do you think about America opening it’s borders to all Afghanis who want to move to America?
What is the one thing you are most self conscious about?
What is something almost no one does that you think almost everyone should do?
What's the best advice you never listened too?
What made-up phrase sounds like it would be a saying, but actually isn't?
What song is playing starting from 3:03 here? As in, what is this song's name?
[Serious] What's it mean to self-actualize?
Who wins in a fight, Grizzly or Gorilla?
What you will quit right now?
what's it like still having 4 limbs?
How would you make an employer to turn up the heat inside freezing cold office buildings?
What is something that your parents did, that you swore that you would never do, but ended up doing anyway?
Americans, what’s your picture of Germans?
(Serious) What's the worst city you've been to and why?
What is the sign of red flag that is often being ignored or just telling it's fine?
What’s the best way to conduct a conversation with someone who has been greatly influenced by propaganda?
When you think of 1980, do you think of it being 20 years ago or the actual 42 year?
What's the shittyist way a character has been brought back from the dead in a movie or tv show?
What's it like being a man?
What line of dialogue in a movie/series sums up how bad it is?
Men what are your experiences with a vasectomy?
You have the power to make one new law, What law do you make?
What's the biggest item you had to return to Amazon and how did you do it?
You're now the CEO of Disney, what Disney ride/attraction would you bring back?
whether it be seeing others experience it in real life or in writing, what emotion do you feel the most with others?
What is something undeniably true but insulting?
What video game franchise do you think is more popular and why, Sonic the Hedgehog or The Legend of Zelda?
What wouldn't you do for someone you love?
Do you see yourself as good spouse material? Why or why not?
Seinfeld - Which woman that Jerry dated for an episode or two was the hottest?
What is your opinion of being around someone who is a little too serious/stern vs someone is a little too silly/ lighthearted? Any preference?
Is there a term for when someone or some group exploits the tendency of others to verify facts by acting on their claims before there’s been time to verify?
why most guys suck at texting, why they can't hold a conversation?
You can bring back to life one dead famous person - who do you bring back and why?
What will you miss about the pandemic when it is over?
Who would win: legolas or hawkeye?
Whats the easiest way to get into programming/coding?
What’s your favorite horror movie ?
Why don't you allow yourself to drink anymore?
What type of event usually triggers the need to for couples therapy?
What’s the propaganda today?
What is the toughest pill you ever had to swallow, but completely went away with time?
What was the one advise which changed your life?
What’s your guaranteed time-travel song and where does it take you?
On the edge of giving up, how do you keep motivation?
They're making a movie of your life and the first full trailer is about to drop. What song is playing?
What are the greatest Noble Lies that have withstood the test of time?
what is the stangest thing about your country ?
How far back in time would we have to travel for the inhabitants of the UK to not understand our modern English?
What's your favorite highschool memory?
(Serious) Parents, how did/will you discuss sensitive stuff; death,divorce, war, and so on to your kids?
What’s a case of “The movie/show was better than the book”?
If Aliens arrived right now and said TAKE ME TO YOUR LEADER ... who do you think would be the best speaker for humankind?
Married people, would you have wanted to meet your spouse earlier or later in life? Why?
What's the worst game ever invented?
What advice would you give to 14yr old dating a toxic 17yr old?
Non-English speakers, what did you sing to help you remember your alphabet?
Looking back, what's a realization you have now that you completely missed in the moment?
What is a sarcasm?
What are the best paying remote jobs that don't require a degree?
How has the world changed since you were a kid?
What if our average lifespan is 2 minutes and everytime we breathe it resets the timer?
People good at math how many bees can an average human fit up the butt?
What’s a standard you have for yourself, but not other people?
Non-Americans: what are some American foods you think are gross?
What if every person on Earth suddenly turned homosexual?
What is the scariest thing you’ve dreamed about?
What did you do after getting fired from your job? How long did it take to find a new one? How hard was it?
What did you think you'd grow out of that you never grew out of?
What are the causes for all the crazy men on here?
which is funnier? gumball or spongebob?
Why do you love your SO? Like what is the reason for you loving them specificly?
Who’s is the best guitarist and why are the the best?
what do you think would happen if Elon Musk bought fox news instead of Twitter?
What’s the fastest way to promote a self-improvement group?
What's your dance like nobody's watching-style tip for getting over yourself?
How Can You Tell If Someone Has A Sense Of Humor?
At what age did you become 18yrs old?
What is the most interesting gift you ever received?
If you could pick the flavor of your cum what flavor would you pick and why?
What if you woke up tomorrow and the last 5 years have just been a dream?
What is a good way to signal severe distress subtly out in public ?
Who is your 'one who got away' and how would your life be different if things worked out?
What Bible story would make a great plot for a horror movie?
Which Power Rangers did you grow up with?
What feels illegal, but isnt?
How bad is it to have a parent with mental problems ?
A few centuries into the future, what will we folks be especially known for?
What would you do if you had £1,000,000,000,000,000?
Which planet would you like to live on?
What city do you wish you could experience for the first time again?
What is the best holiday destination ever?
What are your suggestions for dark-themed YouTubers?
If given a whole 8-sliced pizza for yourself, which slice would you start with (Slice no.1 = 12pm ~ 2pm on a clock face, and go clockwise)? Or would it depend on each specific pizza (such as how the toppings are laid out)?
What sounds absolutely disgusting, but is surprisingly delicious?
What would you want your last words to be?
Non-Americans, what do you think about Texas?
What Movie actor would you want to meet in person and be able to be their adopted child?
What would you do if you found out that your 10 years wife cheated on you at the very beginning of your relationship?
What is the best ice sculpture idea you can think of?
What do you need money for right now?
What’s something someone has done but never got caught for it ?
Where do you hide things if u want to hide them from everyone?
What has been your favorite smell during the pandemic?
Who's the most overrated character of all time?
What’s the most times you’ve jerked off within an hour?
What show did you like in the past but will make you cringe if you rewatch it now ?
Whats the best advice to give yourself in the past?
Who buys those badass shirts? I see internet pictures of these shirts like: I was born in January so I'll fight to my last breath or whatever but I've never seen them in the wild...so what's the market for those shirts?
What's the dumbest injury you've ever gotten?
How would you explain the difference between personality and temperament?
Who remembers the cartoon Redwall? Why do you think it wasn't very popular?
What’s your gross snack?
What is the worst thing that has ever happened to you?
What can you make out of resin, but shouldn't?
What’s your dream car?
What’s special about your favorite shirt?
What would need to happen for you to know that a god exists ?
What’s the most overrated brand of all times?
[Serious] What's the most awkward message sent to the wrong person you've ever sent or received?
What is something you will never tell anyone you know (take to the grave with you)?
As a kid, what did you believe would come with adulthood that never did?
When you're getting on with a new person, ask if they want to get a drink and they tell you Sure, but I don't drink alcohol, what do you think?
[Serious] A high school aged teenage girl that trusts you comes to you in tears. A revealing photograph she took of herself is being circulated around the school and possibly some internet sites. She is very distressed and at times says she feels like hurting herself. What is the best thing to do?
If money was not an issue, what business would you start that would have a positive impact on the world?
how does one go about becoming a movie critic or a food critic or any other type of critic? can anyone do it or do you need to go to school to learn how to criticize things?
What’s a sad thing that you will never forget seeing?
How exactly do you define race, and do you consider it to be socially constructed?
Single people that make under 40k a year, what are your current plans for the future?
What is your favorite song?
Would it be better to be Flash Gordon, Superman, WonderWoman, Batman, or someone else and why?
How long did it take to heal from your worst break up?
What’s is a “mind trick” you know of?
What was your best sexual experience?
What’s one thing you will stick to no matter what someone says?
Burnt money what’s the fastest way to replace it?
How does America ensure they get only transparent, logical, compassionate, progressive leaders moving forward?
what is the weirdest food creation you’ve ever made?
What movie would you like to see for the first time again?
Who's the best person you know?
What’s your opinion on pizza?
What are your plans for WWIII?
what instantly makes you angry at the start of everyday ?
Steve Jobs once said “The best way to get the right answer on the internet is not to ask a question; it’s to post the wrong answer.” What are some examples where principle is demonstrated?
what do you think is the worst genre of music?
What artist seems to have/have had hit after hit and is stupid popular?
Would you watch a show where every conservative had to swap bank accounts with a liberal? What do you think would happen?
What do you think are minimum necessities for a good life that everyone should have?
What is the reason the average female doesn’t engage in any other hobbies besides shopping and gossiping?
Who has noticed a bunch of annoying spam and phishing text messages lately and know what’s causing it??
At what age should you be buying your first house?
When you close your eyes at night what do you see?
Hey, what's the best thing about being you?
what did you name your naughty bits?
If you could fight any animal 1 on 1.. what would it be and why?
Is fear of a painting depicting a white man with red clothes normal and if not how to deal with it?
How can Hillary become Vice President in 2024?
When did you notice, you're smarter than most of the people you know?
Which food do you really want?
What was the worst reboot movie you have seen?
If you can change one thing about yourself what would it be?
Which serial killer do you find most interesting and why?
That moment you are zoned out, staring at an object or just into void, what is your state of mind?
If coke has so many grams of sugar in it so why doesn’t it taste like honey?
When and how did you meet your soulmate?
What was the most uncomfortable experience you've had at a friends house?
What will be considered nostalgic in 40 years?
If Batman came into reality, what would he do and what would happen after he did that?
What are the ways to deal with illegal parking in the back alley of a Los Angeles neighborhood?
what is the worst city in the usa?
Should you ask a friend how their family member from the hospital is doing when you know they can pass away any day now?
Who is the most famous person among your friends or relatives?
What's the most award's you've seen for a comment and what was the comment?
What is the best city in Canada?
When was the last time you had a panic attack?
For people who have broken off friendships that have lasted a long time. Why did you do it?
You get to be the God of any single thing on Earth. What do you choose and how do you use your power?
What’s the dumbest thing you’ve seen while driving ?
Which classic are you listening on loop now?
What's the most unique item in your home?
When did you realise that life was fucking unfair?
To white men, why would or wouldn’t you date an Indian girl?
Who's opinion, other than yourself or family/friends, matters to you the most?
What's cute about your SO?
What is something or thing that clearly says: yup he's gay?
What is your biggest, non-sexual, fantasy?
What's the best way to announce that you're quitting your job?
How has your day been?
what are some signs you're too emotional to drive?
How and when do you know you’re really falling out of love/lust with someone?
What are places to go to talk about sensitive information?
What would be the only thing that would make a crappy day the best one of your life?
How did you overcome the fear of money and success?
What’s a good piracy site for shows?
What’s a unique food dish that Americans have probably never tried before?
People who have cheated on final exams, how did you do it?
How many languages do you speak? If more than one, which language is your favorite? Why?
What was your absolute worst first date? Was there a second?
What is your grossest (Non-sexual) habit?
Grocery store employees, what is the worst experience you've had with an instacarter?
Do you have zest for life? Why or why not?
What’s something you greatly exaggerated as a child and as an adult you found pretty dumb?
American, what would you do if you are drafted to fight against Russia to protect Ukraine ?
What is/would be the worst thing to be in a family pack/size?
What moments in your life made you most aware of your social class status?
What are some good names we can name a medical company which is based on mythology?
In what way has school ruined learning for you?
If you could go pro in any sport, what would it be?
What TV show do you never mind watching?
If you became a dictator of your country, what’s the first change you’re forcing everyone to make?
What's the craziest thing you've ever done?
What is the best You didn't have to cut me off thing you've heard/read/seen ?
What is something that triggers you enough to be seriously annoying, but not enough for you to complain about it without looking like a karen?
What book did you read on a whim that took you out of your comfort zone, or make you rethink your attitude towards a genre?
If your actions didn't have consequences what would you love to do?
If you have three wishes to come true, what would you choose?
Non Americans, what was your countrys 9/11?
How do you think the universe was created?
What moment made you say thank god for stupid people?
How can a skinny person get in shape? If they have no muscle and can't do a single push up?
What is your favorite south park episode?
What sacrifices are you making to get to the gym regularly?
How do cryptocurrencies differ from Ponzi schemes?
How weird are you on a scale of 1- 10?
What is your wishful thing that you really want?
What was your Florida man moment?
Which fictional villains deserved a happy ending, and why?
In local slang, where are you from?
Which rock song has the most iconic guitar solo?
What do you think when your friends wish happy birthday on another friends pose to you rather than go to your wall and wish you one ?
What’s the best ytp ever made?
If every extinct animal came back today, which one would you own and why?
What was the weirdest part of the early internet?
How can you stop feeling like you’re still in the past ?
How did the USA get from “Love and Peace” to quasi-fascism?
Brush or sponge in the kitchen, why do you prefer one or the other?
Which candy bar is the best?
Cinnamon gum or mint gum? Which is better?
You have one year left to live, how do you spend it?
What song drives you crazy, that you would hear in a public place, and it would make you leave ASAP?
What's a good graduation gift?
What’s a healthy coping mechanism that was introduced to you that you now use regularly and would recommend to others? [Serious]
What was the worst sexual experience you ever had with your current significant other?
What's the most popular annoying song right now?
What is your favorite thing to do on weed?
What are some computer tips for people who use their computer for mostly facebook and youtube?
Do you smoke pot in front of your young children? Why or why not?
How did you find what you’re passionate about? [Serious]
What is something alternative that you use daily that saves you money?
With every news network having some kind of bias these days, how or where can a person reliably find information/news that is not affected by bias?
You can give your 15 year old self ONE piece of information or advice about the future. What is it?
How would you describe a hard-boiled man?
What something you never knew about pregnancy?
Men and women, what is the most romantic thing you have done or had done for you?
What are the things that money can't buy?
If you could write a book, what would it be about?
What is your strategy for maintaining family relations with young adults who're arrogant, judgemental, extremely reticent in sharing any info yet have lots of nosy queries?
What are some cult classic movies that definitely deserve the spotlight?
What actor do you miss the most, from the ones that have passed away?
What negative aspects of being a male exist?
[Serious] Kids say the creepiest things - what’s something a child said to you that creeped you out? How old were they at the time?
What are some of the most blatant lies you've seen on the news?
What is scaring you the most right now?
Is it a jerk move to leave garbage cans at the curb all week when it is nearly impossible to get a boring and innocent question approved?
Which car makes you really mad?
What movie remake would be more entertaining if it were entirely made with puppets?
What part of your body do you wash first in the shower?
What are the odds that you'd survive in the Fallout universe?
What is your favourite sandwich to make and bring to work that won't go soggy?
Imagine you are a nun in a bear costume from outerspace with opposable thumbs about to fight to the death with another nun, who may or may not be a bear in disguise. In front of you two lie a duck and a candy cane. If you pick one, the other nun will choose the other weapon. What do you pick?
What is the very first major news event you can remember as a child?
What did you really learn in school about early American history?
What awesome superpower would get boring the fastest?
Where are the safest places to travel in the world?
If slavery was so bad, why did it benefit white people so much?
What do you get nostalgic about often?
Your room mate hasn't experienced American culture before because they're an exchange student. Whats the first thing you lie to them about to mess with them?
What are your weirdest restaurant stories?
What's the stupidest thing to say while being robbed?
How do you breathe?
Where do you think Kevin McAlester’s family got their money from?
What is it like to be loved by a significant other, and can you describe the feeling that some have yet to experience?
What keeps you happy?
What’s something that sounds strangely different from the way it’s written?
The world just ended and there’s a post credit scene, what would it be?
What are the things you are gratefull for now?
Why did u breakup with your last partner?
If you got to choose to be a character from any game franchise, who would it be and why?
if you could have exactly ONE (no more, no less) of anything that currently exists on earth, what would it be and why?
What your favorite recently discovered phrase?
What are you getting your parents or significant other for a holiday (whatever you celebrate) gift this year?
What stopped you from committing genocide?
What is the grossest experience you had in your profession?
What was an interest or hobby you had a kid that you were embarrassed about, but now as an adult you could care less if people knew?
You're stranded on a desert planet with the Gorn monster from Star Trek. How do you kill it?
If strange women lying in ponds, distributing swords in some farcical aquatic ceremony is no basis for goverment, what is?
What is the equivalent of a checkmate in business?
When was a time where you were a well done steak that surprisingly made the rare steaks wet their pants (in other words how did you outshine the cool kids)?
What movie do you think about every other day?
What thing or activity is not nearly as expensive as it may seem?
when is it time for anouther pet and how to bring it up ?
What are your 3 favorite movies?
What is easiest wasy to get reported on global news?
What is a question that you have always wanted to know the answer to, but you still don't know the answer?
What do you think should become a professional sport?
Master manipulators, how do you manipulate? What are your tactics?
What is the most entertainingly terrible Nicolas Cage film?
You can have $1B but you have to spend it on assets and can only live off the investment income, are you interested? What assets would you buy and how would you enjoy the investment income?
What was the most overkill prison sentence that you know of or heard about?
what’s a paid service subscription that totally justifies the cost?
What is an instance or event that completely changed your opinion on somebody?
Which celebrities do you think will be remembered in 1,000+ years?
What questions do you wish you would have asked during an interview?
What are some creative insults?
What TV Show or Movie Has the Funniest Outtakes/Bloopers on YouTube?
What is thought of as old but is a relatively new thing?
Who will be 1st one, you will be sucking the blood if you turn to a Vampire?
If a trans person walked into your your gender bathroom, what would you do?
After a sibling comes out as gay, how can you learn to accept him and forgive him?
What are your top 5 concerns today?
Who's your favourite number monster from yugioh?
What product do you wish vending machines dispenses?
What’s the biggest scam?
[Serious] what are some jobs that pay well and give you a lot of free time ?
What fictional world would you choose to live in if you can pick any?
your girl friend wants you to fight fer her, but you hate fighting, she wants you to worry for her, but what's the point of worrying, solution?
what is your favorite utensil and of what size?
You have to move country and stay their permanently but you also get $1,000,000. What country do you choose?
What was the last argument that you had where you turned out to be wrong?
Why are you happy / content today?!
If animals could speak, which species would be the rudest of them all?
You get to decide the way one person in the world dies. Who is it and what's their death sentence?
What video game have you put the most hours into?
What's an interesting fact you know that other people might not?
What was the last song you listened to?
What do you fear the most, and why?
What's the most messed-up thing you've ever heard of happening to a family?
What is the biggest red flag you have ever missed (in a partner)?
Is suffering a necessary part of a person's state of mind? What would people be like if they never suffered?
To “bear” something is to carry it or suffer through it. What would other animal names mean if they were also used as verbs?
(serious) What is the most pain you have ever felt? What happened?
What is the quote that enlightened you?
You have a secret that only you must know but your memory is going to be erased. What do you do so your “new you” knows the secret?
[Serious] What hangover remedy do you find most effective?
Have a theory. Why do you think Americans (especially younger) have gotten so sensitive?
What’s the most useless talent you have?
What are some movies or videos that never fail to make you laugh?
Child prodigies who graduated young or excelled in any area, where are you now?
Why are you gae?
What happy celebrity is more likely to kill himself out of the blue?
phone users: what's a funny sentance or line you can come up eoth using keyboard predictions, starting with, I burnt the turkey because?
What are your thoughts on being lazy and having a mess in the dishwasher?
Would you drive a car that you had to answer a riddle to start it? Why?
You are having a completely normal conversation with your friend in public when, out of the blue, they pull down your pants start giving you a blowjob. What is your first response?
What food will always guarantee a chef's kiss?
What’s recognized as feminine, but men do it all the time?
Who do you think killed Tupac Shakur ?
How do you tell apart having a crush and being in love?
What is Blue Waffle?
What's something you're really looking forward to?
How did you learn your first swear words?
PhD students (especially in physical sciences), how have you found your professor?
What websites can one use to find specifically white collar living wage jobs without having to filter all the b.s jobs ?
What would you do if your partner said, behind your back, that someone was more attractive than you but not someone they would want to be with?
If AI becomes sentient, how would we know it’s truly sentient or just giving off the impression of being sentient because of really good programming?
How common is it to poop your pants as an adult?
if you were writing the ending of a story about someone who’s always failed in love but feels like they are always trapped in relationships…what would be your last sentence?
If you had to press a button that killed 5,000 people, who would you choose?
What’s the most annoying thing in your favourite video game?
What are some good things to have when living solo for the first time?
What is the most useful thing that they teach in school?
What's the most annoying thing you experience when you're shitting absolute dump truck in any public toilet?
What's the most unimportant reason you've been fired for?
What is a useful thing that everyone should know about?
Night shift workers, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen while working?
What's the thing that broke your marriage?
If you could only play one sport for your entire life, what would it be and why?
If a magical genie could answer a single yes/no question for you, what would it be?
Scuba divers, where was your best dive?
what does it feel like to be stuck in a washing machine?
If humans had 100 hp, what injury would cause 1 hp of damage?
Have you ever done math for fun? If so what were you calculating?
Escape room employees, what did a customer do that made you cringe?
What is your best gift ever?
What is the weirdest compliment you have received?
What was your first thought when you woke up this morning?
What job do most good? what job do most harm? And what job is just plain useless?
If we mix together the best of every generation to make one ultimate generation, what would be from yours?
What is something you hate but are good at?
Which body part is truly useless ?
We’ve all heard of the phrase ‘easier said than done’ but what is something easier done than said?
What was the happiest day of your life?
What game failed to live up to its Demo? [Serious]
If made president for a day, what is the first decision you'll take?
Which smell instantly transports you back to your childhood?
What the most private thing you’re willing to admit?
What is your ex's version of your break up and what really happened?
what would you do if you were in your first year in uni and you were behind?
What was your most ingenious method to cheat on an exam?
What's the strangest compliment you've ever received?
What is your favourite animal to keep as a pet?
What's the most obvious hint you dropped to hookup but they didnt get it?
What do you think about Elon Musk?
What is the best the decision you have ever made?
What supervillain had a legitimate argument?
What is the worst way to tell a date you're a virgin?
What was the most degrading job you've worked?
What would YOU do for a Klondike Bar?
What's on your mind?
What happens after we die? Is it nothing or is there any truth to afterlife and multiple lives?
If you were to make a How to Internet guide for people over 50, what would you inlcude?
What is something that the majority of people do that you have never understood?
What’s your favourite cocktail/mocktail?
With this school year coming to a close, what is the perfect senior quote?
What are some expirements you'd like to see done that would not pass the ethics board?
Your job is to rename the months of the year, what do you rename them as?
People under 30. Are you lonely? why?
What do you think of the programming in general? They are very interested, they want to learn, they are not interested, why?
It's been 30 years since the end of the covid 19 pandemic, what does the world look like?
What good character in TV, movies, or video games would you like to see a dark version of?
What are the best unethical life hacks?
People who really accidentally set something on fire, what was it?
What do you call a male Karen?
What's a really under-rated television show?
How did you get scammed?
What are some deeply unsettling facts?
How would you balance the need of people, business, and the economy with COVID-19 measures/or restrictions?
How do you feel about the smell of your own farts?
What's your favourite roundabout way of saying something?
How old are you?
[Serious] What is the best way to approach someone and offer to adopt their baby that they are in no position to care for?
What task is thought to be complicated and difficult, but is actually simple and easy?
What was that one time you thought you really messed things up but everything went fine or for the better?
What makes you angry?
If there was a 17 yr old guy who had little experience with women, what advice would you give?
How do your feel about your relationship with your mother?
If you had to be a animal, what kind of animal would you be?
What name do you hate?
Have men become more dominate or less dominate in relationships the last few years, why?
What are your thoughts on Puerto Rican statehood?
What should you do if the old creepy guy who fartss and sings loudly at the gym keeps staring at you from across the gym and showing up whenever you do?
Why do you think Justin Trudeau gets so much hate when the average person is in all fairness politically illiterate? Does he come off too boy’ish, is he not manly enough, and have the social media algos been extremely successful in their hate campaign?
What are things you wanna tell everyone but never come up?
When have you felt most courageous in your life?
What looks weird for an adult to do but not a minor?
What myth is so widely spread that most people think its true?
What is the best way to learn a new skill?
What rights do laborers have in the US that they might not be aware of?
What link can you attach to yourself?
If you could be any DC character, who would it be and why?
What country are you from and what’s the most British thing you can think of?
It's interesting how an individual's role model gives you an insight into how they are as a person/their character. The person you admire can influence and reflect your actions, behaviours and the way you make decisions. Who is your role model/who do you look up to?
What would your reaction be if you saw your parents kiss in front of you?
What is your biggest regret in life?
How are you doing today?
If you can time travel where would you go and what would you do?
What is the most disturbing thing you saw on the internet? [Serious]
What is the shortest quote from a movie that you believe someone will easily recognize?
Which great things in life would've never happened to you if the Internet hadn't been invented?
What's the most polite term for vagina?
What’s your vagina’s nickname?
What is the most outstanding way of masturbating?
What happens when you jump into a new relationship without healing from another one?
What's your unique kink/fetish?
People who rejected proposals or who had their proposals rejected, what happened?
People who pay sales tax: how do gift cards work?
Uncircumcised guys, what does smegma smell like?
What’s worse when it’s free?
Have you ever suspected that one of your parents might not be biological? if so, why?
If Squid Game was real, why would or wouldn't you participate as a contestant?
What’s the most beautiful thing on earth?
Dear Gen Zers, how do you view Millennials and Gen Xers, are we the new Boomers already ?
What's the most boring, generic question you could ask?
Americans, how is Biden doing so far?
What Sitcom Idea do you have?
How expensive are your hobbies?
If you were granted a new wish every NYE, what would you wish for?
What's an argument everyone uses that is actually really stupid?
Whats your most embarrassing childhood story?
What do you think of children's shows?
What movie trailer was better then the final product?
What can’t the Queen do, 95 and battling on with Covid?
What is topic/issue you would love to see a song written about?
What's the worst movie to take someone to on a first date?
If you could communicate with your pet and have them fully understand what you said, what’s the one thing you would say?
What YouTubers do you always watch, but never subscribe to?
[Serious] What is the most effective way to tax the ultra-wealthy?
What is a quick and easy way to make Maruchan Ramen Noodle even better?
What movie/scene makes you cry every time?
If you were the Spell Binder from the Adventures of Letterman, with the ability to change a single letter of an otherwise innocent activity, how would you use your nefarious power?
People who let their pets lick their face, why?
Why do you park next to another car in a wide open, empty parking lot? Or why don't you?
What is the National Dish (cuisine/food) of your country?
What is the best dance scene from a movie youve seen?
What's the best gift you've ever received?
Now that Q has been revealed as some nobody, what are QAnon followers holding onto exactly?
What other ways can you use a banana hammock?
[Serious] What do you think is one of the most important inventions of all time?
How would one start over at 27? Is it too late?
What kind of people need their own support group?
What are some of the things that were considered deadly that worried you during childhood?
What's the best ad or worst ad you've seen?
There 8 billion people on this earth and you are still single, why?
What are you irrationally competitive at?
What is your favorite misheard lyric?
Why have you decided to never have children?
Those who live with chronic pain or injuries, how has life changed for you?
If you could choose your country's national anthem, what song would it be?
People who had killed someone in self defense, what is the story behind it?
Who are 2 actors you always mistake for one another?
How does it feel to be loved back by someone when you love them with all your heart?
People who drink a fifth a day, how?
If dog could speak, what would they say?
What’s a good source (Youtube/Podcasts etc.) for the latest conspiracy theories, for entertainment purposes?
How can one remove themselves from an emotionally abusive relationship where the abuser is heavily financially dependant on their partner?
What would you do if time stopped for 24 hours for everyone except for you?
What is something that sounds so stupid but you actually believe in?
If technology is always improving, why is house paint getting worse?
What name brands are worth the extra cost?
How does being the smart guy in your friend circle affect your life?
Do you share the last bite? Why or why not?
What's the best way to get to Mexico without passing through Texas?
what is the name of the animated movie about a sentient zombie wandering a postapocalyptic earth?
What makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside?
What small lies do you tell customers to make conversations easier?
If you have met your doppelgänger, what was it like to meet them?
What’s something that’s really good at a specific time/day, but unbearable otherwise?
What will you always remember?
How would you describe fire to someone who had never witnessed it?
How come pale (sun-intolerant) people love being in the sun, and people with rich (sun-tolerant) complexions seem to hate the sun?
What is always or usually a lie when people say it...?
What are the things that people in their 20's should start doing that their50 yrs old self will thank them?
Ladies, what advice do you have for a guy that wants to get more bitches?
What do you think is the point of life?
If you could never have to do something again that you do Daily what would it be?
People who do NOT wash the tomatoes they buy from the grocery store before using them, why?
What is the best way to invest in life?
What culture is the most strict?
What Video game has the best soundtrack and Why?
What song would you like to play at your wedding?
What is something you need to get off your chest what has been on your mind lately?
What's your big birthday disaster?
Kids who were telling the truth, how did it feel when your parents thought you were lying?
If you were to bring back one person to life, who would it be?
What insults make most anyone feel insecure?
What can cause a throbbing pain on top of head while having a stomach virus/dehydration?
What is the best meme of all time?
what’s something you did that was inappropriate but you only realized it after you gave done that thing?
What governmental organization should be in charge of deciding what opinions are and are not legal to hold?
At what point did you realize that your best friend was truly your best friend?
What makes your case for being the unluckiest person alive?
What was your I should not have said that moment?
What advances in technology makes you hopeful for the future?
Only fans experiment ... what kind of content would someone pay to see?
What are some examples of food items/condiments that you enjoy eating, but get reminded after the fact that it was a poor decision?
What’s the secret to being the most liked person in the room?
What’s a stereotype you HATE about your country?
Target Employees, What is it like to be an employee at Target?
What random item is the best toy for a cat?
If Math was your superpower, how would you use it to improve the world?
What is the biggest misconception that high schoolers have about college?
What are some things in your family dynamic that you have a hard time dealing with?
What would you do if you woke up as a dragon?
If you could sit down and have a conversation with a famous/infamous historical figure, who would it be??
What is the craziest moment you were telling the truth but everyone thought you were lying?
Jesus wants you to take him out on a date so what's in store for Jesus?
People who knew someone diagnosed with insanity, when did you notice something wasn't right?
Deep Sea Divers, what’s the scariest experience you’ve ever had?
What is the perfect first date in your opinion?
Assuming there is an afterlife, what are you going to do first as a spirit/ghost?
If you would die for someone, who would it be and why?
People that used to hate themselves, how did you overcome it?
What if the world found another way?
What are your thoughts on AirPod pros, worth it?
What products(food, tech, etc.) do you want to see in the future?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you bought in the last year?
What would you do if you worked, or owned, a hedge fund with a deep interest in GME?
What is the best quote from the beginning of a movie?
What celebrity couple seems to have the most real relationship and will likely last forever?
If peaches are sweet and apples are sour, how would you describe the taste of bananas?
[Serious] What are thing people should generally avoid saying in a dating bio, and why?
What conspiracy theories do you believe in?
How do you deal with an existential crisis?
Starting today, what’s the best thing you could start doing for yourself financially?
How do you motivate yourself to do exercise ?
What have you heard while trying/pretending to be sleeping?
What is the best way to get out of plans about 2-3 weeks in advance?
If you could pick literally anything for your last meal. What would it be?
What make Tesla electric cars so much more technically advanced than it’s competitors ?
what book do you like to read and why?
At social engagement after returning from the toilet, came back started speaking to guy and girl, after a bit the girl noted politely the flies were undone on dark trousers and she had noticed right away, the guy was oblivious: what was the angle of dangle observation taken by her or other women?
What was the most beautiful sound you ever heard?
What makes a police officer angry?
If humor is just a type of surprise, why do we laugh at the same funny movie or jokes over and over?
What is the best video game of all time?
What’s your favorite line from a movie?
From the year 2000 to 2021, Which year has the greatest Music overall?
What is a rap song/album that will convert someone into a rap fan?
As a customer service worker what’s the funniest story involving a mad customer?
What's the best thing to happen so far this year?
Which Businesses are least likely to survive the Covid Pandemic?
Which Celebrity death would be the most tragic in your opinion?
Every year all the World's Billionaires are required to join a live TV game show were they compete to see who still has the biggest and most functional penis, would you watch, why or why not?
If we had to walk around with signs strapped to our chests that detailed our deepest secrets, what would yours say?
What’s a strange irrational fear you have?
What's the funniest bit of trolling you've seen on the internet?
Okay. Broke up but still love each other / you still love that person, what happened?
Are people in the US southern states still making incest jokes? If so, why ?
What’s your riskiest decision that turned out great or bad?
What comes to mind when you think of china?
on a scale of 1 - 10, yes or no? what made you choose your answer?
What food combination sounds disgusting but is actually amazing?
Of all the flavor combinations out there, what two flavors combine the best above all else?
What is one stupid rule your school enforced?
If you were to make an end of the world movie that was actually good, how would you make it differently than all the other movies?
How do you think the world will end?
how would american look like if prostitute is been legalize?
People who found themselves..what did you find?
Which side of the sink do you put your paper towel?
What’s an EXTREME fact that barely nobody knows about?
Your (car) insurance premium is recalculated based on your history of adherence to speed limits. How screwed are you?
If you could get 3 answers for any of your questions, what would those questions be?
What do you honestly think will happen in the next.. say, 30 years?
What conspiracy theories turned out to be true?
What are some good movies that don't have a lot of rewatch value?
How do you determine if you’re in a “bad” neighborhood?
What animal do you think will be the first to develop human speech?
What was the best part of being a teenager?
What are some of the red flags of a company prior to accepting a job offer, and how to identify them?
What geographical features could planet Earth have that would make it even more beautiful than it is now?
Which is the best personal investment you have ever made?
Biology aside, what does it mean to be a man or a woman?
Who were you best friends with until you realised they were a jerk?
How long has it been since you lost the game?
[Serious] How do you gain the courage to do it with someone more experienced than yourself?
What small detail in a movie/book/tv show is missed by most people but is actually really clever?
What is the cheesiest catchphrase you've ever heard?
What is a job that should exist?
What do most people do the wrong way?
What are the hardest parts of parenting small kids?
Who’s one person that could get away with robbing a bank?
What's the one thing everyone gets wrong about your profession?
people that went boarding schools, how did you troll opposite gender ?
What is important enough to go to war over?
What is your silent act of protest?
What fictional character do you have a crush on?
If there's an afterlife and you're allowed to take one thing from here, what are you taking?
Who's been the best successor to Alex Trebek so far?
What will you never get tired of?
What do you call this # and why?
What's your favorite season?
As a solid non-believer, hallucinogens aside, what supernatural encounter/experience made you convert?
What is the most cringe worthy thing you have done??
What was it like for you to wake up after surgery missing a limb?
What meme formats do you think should die and never come back?
What game franchise overstayed it’s welcome?
What is your I'm the villian in this story?
If humanity vanished what would happen to remaining electronic and online infrastructures?
If you have one chance to change the past of your life what it will be?
If you could do one thing without consequence, what would it be?
what's your favorite food?
What's the most illegal thing you did in 2022?
Why do you think the numbers of Gen-Zers who have ever gone out on a date or had any kind of romantic interaction have dropped rapidly in a generation?
If when you die, you are granted the wish to learn any detail about your life that you missed while being alive, what do you choose to learn?
How can someone save himself when street dogs suddenly growling and Attack a secluded place ?
What/How is everyday life like being colourblind?
If you are inside right now, why aren't you outside?
What musical artist/band do you listen to that sings a language you aren’t fluent in?
What is something you can brag about without being annoying?
What do you sincerely regret trying?
What’s the best way to break up another persons toxic relationship?
What was your dream last night?
The entire human population plays a game of hide and seek, how you doing?
Who would win in a fight, John Cena or a honey badger and why?
What is your favorite kind of steak and what temperature do you like it cooked?
what problem is simply too big for mario to wahoo jump over?
What is something that your kid does that you discourage but that you low key think is actually pretty cool and clever?
If the earth were flat and a asteroid hit the water, where would it go?
If you could talk to someone who passed away, for 5 minutes, who would you talk to and what would you say?
What is the funniest thing you've ever said?
What shouldn't be attractive but is?
What’s the best TV theme song of all time ?
Why did Hunter Biden record himself so much?
What animal looks the most alien in your opinion?
What was the strangest or funniest thing you did at a funeral which garnered mixed reactions from others?
Before Humans Were Sperm Cells what Were they?
Tell us how you buy some thing and found it valuable and bring money to you?
What is the worst quality in a human and why have you realized this?
What productive things should a teenager do over summer holidays?
What will be the catalyst that stops humans from eating meat?
Do you believe in ghosts? Why or why not?
What is the title of the book that is about the story of your life?
In your opinion is it preferable to avoid causing harm to animals when it is possible to do so? Why or why not?
What does one do to be productive after Achilles surgery? Aside from reading and being on devices, what does one do around the house when on crutches and horizontal for most of the day?
Who was the better team? The 95-96 Chicago Bulls or the 2015-2016 Golden State Warriors?
What is the best food in your opinion?
You can only listen to one song for the rest of your life. Which song is it?
What song do you immediately turn the volume up to when it comes on?
If a woman hides sexual assault issues from her past with her spouse what might be a good reason to?
What Is a dream you will always remember?
What’s your best “extremely desperate times call for extremely desperate measures” story?
What are toxic behaviour traits in you opinion?
What are your thoughts on holding your phone to your ear when driving when bluetooth/earbuds are widely available and safer than holding your phone?
What is your favorite movie about Vietnam?
Why or when would it be ok to charge more to see a live performance to someone over/under a certain age?
what are your funniest/ most embarrassing fart stories?
What is the famous dessert in your country?
What are some of the most accurate future predictions ever made?
What other long held rights in America are now under threat?
What are some extra comfortable moments?
What’s a time when someone talked bad about you in another language and you showed them you knew what they said?
What do you think is better, a good heart or good meme and why?
What does Olympic media coverage typically look like in your country?
What is the worst sound you have ever woken up to?
What is the next unethical thing do you think humanity will do?
If you could change one thing what would it be?
What do you believe but cannot prove?
Neurodivergent people, what is the most annoying assumption somebody has after finding out about your condition/disability?
What's something you're trying to avoid today?
Which performance was so good that it seemed to be made for that actor?
Which celebrity is the most genuine ?
How hard is it for British/Australian actors to do American accents?
What have you seen in the past that you now realize was super creepy?
If your face was a PEZ Dispenser character, what flavor PEZ candy would release from under your chin?
What is a technological breakthrough you hope you live to see?
What will be the opposite of a Ghibli movie in cinema?
Why aren’t there more female mass shooters?
Why do you sound awesome singing in the car, but people still say you’re terrible?
A jar of VH pineapple jerk sauce, with a best before date of sometime in 2023, half full, was opened about six or eight weeks ago, smells ok, texture looks ok, it's probably still good to eat, right? What do you think?
If you had an option to be someone else for a day, who would you be and why ?
What is your favorite call of duty zombies?
Parents of children who are bullies. What is it like? What do you do? What are your thoughts on it?
What is the most funniest thing in either Japanese/Chinese that you’ve seen people tattoo on theirself not knowing what it translated to?
What movie does NOT deserve all the love it got?
What's a good way to let go of your inner rage?
What should we do if all animals become super smart all of a sudden?
What can you do/give to actually help a homeless addict that you pass by, if they truly want help?
Did you ever ask out a coworker? what happened?
Who will be the fastest man in the world this olympics?
Which nation has the rudest citizens?
You’re riding a ginger bread man through a castle as an evil fairy god mother is saying she needs a hero. What do you do?
What piece of knowledge do you know can ruin some universally liked things?
To anyone in who knows about law what crimes would spider-man be committing on a daily basis?
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
What does nobody want to talk about, but really should?
What's the worst job you've ever had?
What was the best day of your life?
Who do you think would win between Omni-Man and Homelander?
What are some words or terms you hate but can’t figure out why?
If you could have 20 seconds to talk with your dog/cat, what would you say or ask?
What are you doing this weekend?
What can you answer to tell me something I don't already know?
What's your story of someone who knew subconsciously they were about to die?
What is one organ in your body you wish you had extra?
Which musician’s song lyrics or onstage persona don’t seem to match up with their personal lifestyle or persona?
What’s something you quit you wish you wouldn’t have?
Formerly racist people, what caused your racism and what caused you to change?
What's your unique torture idea?
What is your most interesting celebrity encounter?
What is your go to brand of turkey for thanksgiving?
What daily food item is way too expensive than it should be?
If you could insert a single Mr. Potato Head toy into any moment in history, where &amp; when would you put it in order to cause the most confusion?
What do you like most about being human?
What are reasons why women are allowed to dress provocatively?
How does one stop eating too much onions?
Ask yourself why knowing what needs to be done you don't seem to manage and deploy full potential?
If you were to take the place of any dictator in history before they were in power what would you do?
What do you assume about a business that only accepts cash?
Canadians, what do you think of the American accent?
If you were the first person to step foot on Mars, What would be your first words there?
What case would you not be surprised to find on the Supreme Court docket?
When Did Doing the Right Thing Cost You Everything?
What is your coming of age story?
What’s the strangest thing that you’ve heard someones allergic to?
What is a real life hack that, Can help you get more jobs?
What’s the cringiest thing you ever done ?
Without what you can not survive on a desert island?
What is something that screams, your are from _________(instert country)?
Who are the best Olympic cheaters?
When is the moment that you realized that a passion of yours completely disappeared?
If Naughty Dog gave the rights for Jak and Daxter to Insomniac to make a proper Jak 4, how excited would you be?
Why aren't all houses on stilts in areas where flooding occurs frequently?
[Serious] What's an e-girl?
The last physical object you googled you now get for free, what is it?
why do you still smoke weed and damage your lungs, when there are other ways to get high in modern society?
What is something from your teen years that people told you you'd get over ... but you never did?
What opinion/idea a AuthLeft and a LibRight people share?
what are your expectations for second season of squid game?
Wait a minute, who ARE you?
What is something a teacher at your school did that turned them into a legend?
What’s your go to dish to make when you want to impress someone?
What was the hardest thing you had to tell somebody? [Serious]
What is the naughtiest or most revealing piece of clothing you have worn lately?
You go back to Ancient Greece, You can show them any wikipedia article, Which article do you show them?
How often fights happened in your school? How big and serious were them?
What would you do if you had a tail? And what tail would you like to have?
What’s your all time favorite movie?
Which heroes of history turned out to be assholes?
What is something normal that you get nervous about?
What are your thoughts on Woodrow Wilson?
People who know an influencer in real life, how much do they differ from their online persona?
What is a 🎵 song🎵 without words that just hits different?
What expensive item have you purchased that was worth every penny?
What do we need to lose in order to make an ideal earth?
What is the most recent item you've bought on Amazon?
What was your biggest mistake?
What movies were not well-received at release but are now considered classics?
How is it, after all that we have experienced, that nazis still exist?
If they made a movie about you, what would they call it?
iPhone users, why do you stay with iPhone after all the pros pointed out with android?
what’s the best pick up lines you’ve used/heard?
If ethics weren’t a problem how scientifically advanced would we be?
What gives you feelings of power?
What is one thing that you liked back then but hate now?
How can a person change their whole life completely?
What do you like the most about your significant other?
What if Russia used nuclear weapons on Ukraine? What should/would other nations do?
What made you go “oh I’d hate to be them” ?
What's something that's super awesome that you just want more people to know about?
What's your best hangover cure?
What are some advantages of being short instead of tall?
Who would make a good mortal combat character?
What's your scariest nightmare?
How do you convince someone who's only known a life of mental pain that life is worth living?
what’s your favourite knock knock joke?
how do you feel about spaying antimaskers with chemicals?
how do you feel when you listen to the song WAP?
What song would you like literally everyone to hear?
At what point in your life did u think it is what it is and went on with your life?
[serious] Which contemporary medical treatment or procedure is the most likely to become quickly and embarrassingly outdated?
What have you done as a tourist that only later you realized was culturally inappropriate?
People who caught someone daydreaming, what is the funny/weird thing they did?
What is your favourite takeaway food?
What’s your favourite mythical creature? Why?
What seems to be bothering you lately in life?
Who is the Most overrated Musician of all time other than rappers?
What makes a good man, a great man?
Your worst fear kills you but you die saving your favourite person. How do you die and who do you save?
When and how will the world end?
When you are in shower, but suddenly you know that you didn't lock the door and your girlfriend was knocking the door, what would you do??
You have to choose any superpower, but it comes with a serious drawback that the next person will choose in the comments. What is it?
What was your experience when you lost your virginity?
What experiments would you conduct if there were no legal, ethical, or moral implications involved?
What's the worst thing you've been hit by?
There are some people that think being homosexual is bad and against the bible, but what is the source? Is there a sentence in the bible that says that you can love people of the same gender?
[Serious] People who have been diagnosed with OCD, what are your compulsions or obsessions?
Why the hell people look up to celebrities as their role models?
What is a thing that doesn't have arms and legs but can stand up?
What are some warning flags in a job listing that say this job sucks?
What is your favorite book?
To anyone from Hong Kong or Taiwan, how does it feel when a celebrity or some popular company says you're a country, and than they later make an apology video to China?
If you could invent a new flavour of icecream, what would it be?
If you could be anywhere in the world where would you be?
What do you call it when you eat 95% vegetarian but can occasionally eat meat, like beef or chicken but mostly veggie?
If you could be in the room when any song throughout history was being made, what song would you choose?
(Serious)What human race has caused most damage to other humans, animals or earth in general? Damage can include direct killing, or participating in causes like global warming or extinction of species. and why?
What movie do people judge you for not watching?
If you were able to redesign any part of the human body, what would you do and why?
What is something you’ve always wanted to eat, but know you probably shouldn’t ?
Car enthusiasts: How will you deal with car production becoming all electric in 2030?
Beach lifeguards - What's the most important thing you wish all beach swimmers would do?
What myth is easily debunked but a lot of people still believe in it?
What do you think about that life is a punishment for the sins of the previous life?
It is 2022, what should not exist now?
A Alien Invasion has began, you have been forced into the army to beat as much of the blue men as you can, what weapon do you bring?
What do you think will replace Amazon the way Amazon has replaced so many other companies?
What is your aesthetic?
If you can choose one X-Men ability, which one would you like to have and why ?
Based Only On Your Own Life Experiences What Is The Best Life Advice You Can Give Someone?
What could be done to stop all the rape and violence in prisons?
What are some examples of the knock-off being better than the original?
If you were an object, what would you be?
To the people who enjoy looking at food blogs and pages; Why do you like them?
What’s the biggest thing you missed out on while taking a poop?
Why can’t U.K. citizens demand a general election via petition or otherwise?
Survival tips or advice? (ex: what to do if kidnapped or stranded somewhere) (Serious)
[Serious] What is the problem when called a female?
Ladies, what do you think about facial hair on men in general? Do you think it's attractive? Why or why not?
What are songs that everyone knows the lyrics to?
If You Could Go Back In Time , What Would You Do?
Which is the most important place to travel in South America?
What’s the most annoying sound in the world?
Where do women draw the line between flirting and calling out someone for harassment?
Italians living in England, how are you still alive?
Men, how did you get with your girlfriend s , did they make the first move?
What is your best advice for raising sons?
How do you break up with a narcissist?
What was the silly album that helped you discover music before you started listening to the cool music?
What are subtle ways to call out a bully at work without getting yourself in trouble?
What is something cool that you own?
People that tried a hard drug once and only once how was the experience?
What are some creative ways to pay for college besides scholarships?
What is one thing that Donald Trump got right?
What’s the most ridiculous policy your work has?
What was your most awkward moment?
Who is the most powerful fictional character ever?
Who is your idol?
What makes a person intelligent?
If your life was a movie, what would the title be?
How do you know if you’re in love?
Do you downvote reposts? Why or why not?
If everything was legal for 12 hours what would you do first?
What do people get out of being mean to others?
Who’s someone who helped you last year that may not know it?
What’s the worst excuse you heard?
What is a place the average person neglects cleaning so it's probably disgusting and worth a good clean?
Which video game do you think has the best written story and dialogue?
What do we do regularly right now that will seem borderline ridiculous 10 years from now?
When would be the most inappropriate time to offer someone a cheeseburger?
What will you do if you get 10 million dollars?
When your cat died, what did you do?
What is your mantra?
What is extremely rare, but people think it's common?
If you had to design a concept for a new video game , what would your game be like ?
How long is a moment?
Your favorite band, 30 Seconds To Mars, hosts a contest that if you win, you become a member of the band. How excited are you?
[Serious] Those who had a difficult childhood, why? And does it still affect you somehow?
What beside humor, games and music is famous ?
How did you deal with your Karen?
What’s a secret about you that no one else knows?
what type of YouTube videos you enjoy watching?
Whats a dream that has stuck with you ever since you had it?
What is the most hurtful thing someone has said about you?
What was the last book you finished reading? How did you like it?
why or how did you almost die?
What are some examples of using proper Reddiquette?
What makes a movie great?
What's your favorite movie?
Whether you agree with them or not, what politician do you think is the most sincere in their professed beliefs?
For Sneakerheads; What's the reason behind paying thousands of dollars for them?
Americans, how has the US public school system failed you?
What needs to change?
You die and can become reincarnated anything at of your choosing... What would you choose and why?
What is something that seems good at first but winds up being a bad idea after?
what did you do out of hornynes?
If guilt, shame and judgment were never a thing what would you want to do?
What have you learned from a port-o-let wall?
You are the world's greatest benevolent assassin. Who do you assassinate today to create the greatest positive change in the world?
What's an album that genuinely has no bad songs?
What tastes better a little burnt?
What's the most hardcore sight you've seen in nature?
Have you ever made someone uphold the “jinx you owe me a coke”? If so, what happened?
You’re at graduation when your crush makes a speech calling you saying they love you causing everyone to look at you. What do you do?
Serious if flat earthers believe that the earth is flat then what shape is it? Is there consensus amongst the FE community about the flat shape of the earth?
What if Cartoon Network did a show based on their failed pilots?
What's the first thing that comes to your mind when you hear Justin Bieber's Baby song?
People who say based, based on what?
How ended up your highschool's crush?
What is the best place to get high?
What are you thinking at the moment?
What’s something people lie about on dating profiles?
What is the oldest song you listen to on a regular basis?
This may be anecdotal, but why do military veterans seem to resist authority more when they return to civilian life?
what state is the best?
What’s worse when using someone else’s bathroom, no fan or no plunger ?
When does being high or drunk in public become public intoxicaorpn?
If you could choose, would you prefer the day to be 10h shorter or 10h longer? Why?
People who feel there should be a white history month: what part of white history do you feel needs exploration during that time?
Which band fell off the hardest?
What animal do you love as a pet, but scared to get?
People who have graduated from a college or university or are in one right now, what happened to your highschool best buds? Are you guys still super close or did the distance kill the bond?
People in I.T. What convinced your parents that new technology is secure?
What’s the most imaginative insult you can come up with?
What's the worst birthday present you've ever received?
What names have been ruined by pop culture? People with those names, what is it like?
What’s something you worry about but have no control over?
What's a skill of yours that you're proud of?
What is your earliest memory, or the moment when you sort of gained consciousness as a child?
which is better introvert or extrovert?
What is college like in post-pandemic world?
What has been the most challenging situation you've had in your life?
How does one make friends even? Like, what potions are to be brewed together?
whose jersey you will never ever wear even if it was given as a gift?
What's an original idea for a movie/TV show that's been floating around in your head?
what has a chance of happening?
What is your favorite zodiac sign?
What would be on sandwich that reflects your personality?
When is more money worth it over comfort and happiness?
People who have worked at liquor stores. Do you know when someone is an alcoholic?
What’s a show/movie people hate, but you love?
How is your healthcare situation and where are you from?
Who is the worst person you could steal from?
People who had near death experiences, what was the only thought going through your head at the time?
What is a too ubderappreciated movie/series/book/video game that everyobe shouldve watched/read/played?
If you had to pick one song to be played at your funeral what would it be?
Who is the hotter milf - Claudia Schiffer or Heidi Klum?
what is it like to have a man eject his jelly into your mouth?
What's the worst Karen you've ever met?
Non-Americans. What is something your country has stolen from the USA?
What’s a job that feels like you are selling your soul?
If WW3 broke out tomorrow what would happen to you?
What is an interesting thing to learn or cool skill to pick in about an hour of daily commitment over the next two to four months?
Whats something you cant eat because of allergies or other dietary requirements which you really like and do you still eat it?
What is a good synopsis someone can give of all The Walking Dead seasons?
Who was the one that got away? [SERIOUS]
If you can make a animal hybrid(2 animals) What are you going to make?
[Serious] To the people who are deaf, how has life been overall and what are some of the perks of being deaf?
What is your Zombie apocalypse plan?
How far into a book/game/movie counts as spoiler-free territory?
What period do you think you should have been born in?
What’s the song that goes “8675309”?
What is your favourite chore to do?
People who have fingernails, how do you deal with them bumping into things?
[Serious] What are some good reasons to skip Election Day 2021?
What is something that is explained to you in the simplest way possible but still don't fully get it?
Men, what do you do about those guys who always walk over and jealously/awkwardly interject themselves into conversations you’re having with a lady?
What makes America special ?
Those in a relationship, how do you cope with insecurities and any fears of your partner leaving you?
Ladies: How much do you care if his car is a little dirty (stains on the seat, not professionally detailed) when you takes you out on a date?
What got so overused it's no longer funny?
What conspiracy is simply false?
What is the first thing you do after you return home from work /studies?
What was the last thing you learned that you are sure you will never forget?
What's the correct way to ask a girl you like to come over to your place to get high and watch old reruns of Digimon?
What's the highest attack damage from a single move you've achieved in gaming without bugs/cheats?
What is a non-physical attribute that makes a person attractive?
How does a car engine work?
Whats your reoccurring dream?
What’s your favourite Disney movie ?
What would you do if your partner is working on a project that goes against your beliefs and values?
How do you react to homeless people asking for change on the street? Why?
What would you suggest someone moving to a new country?
What did you hate at first but slowly learned to enjoy?
What do you guys think about mass tracking by the government if it were to bring down unsolved crime?
If you had a time machine and could go to any year, which year would it be and why?
What's something you feel bad about doing but its totally worth it?
What if the planet earth was 50x bigger?
Why do you ask questions if you're not interested in listening and only want to give your own answer?
What do you think will start the Third World War?
If you discovered reality is a simulation and only you exist, are there any ways you would change how you live your life?
What's your ideal first date?
What are your views on love and relationships in this generation??
What's your favorite social commentary song?
Who's the most famous person you've had a conversation with and what did you talk about?
What U.S. National Park is a must-visit?
What is the worst gore video?
If you could live anywhere in the USA, where would you live?
What is your greatest fear?
What is a way to grow armpit hair in about a month?
What is a franchise where the first movie is the worst one?
What would be the last word that people would use to describe the U.S government?
How does a dream from years ago suddenly pop in your head?
How do you authenticate a signed memorabilia from an eBay seller?
What's that little thing called in balls that you penetrate with a pump needle to inflate a ball?
What protagonist (good guy) do you dislike in movies/video games?
What surprised you the most after becoming an adult?
For people who believe there is no after life or reincarnation how do you cope with the prospect of non-existence?
Citizens of the world, what common tourist attraction in your area should be stayed away from?
What’s the nerdiest thing you’re into?
As a neurodivergent person, what are some thing you like to do that make “normal” people notice?
What if your friend got killed with a crappy iron pipe for 1 souvenir peso he kept, then the killer sat right there and ate a McDonald's Happy Meal he ALSO stole? When?
Without saying it's name, which is your favourite movie?
Your username is now your superhero name. What's your superpower?
What is the most insane things being horny as made you do?
Gamers, if you don’t like Open World games, why?
[Serious] What is the most embarrassing/worst experience you’ve had at school?
If you do a load of laundry straight out of the dirty basket and there is a pen in a pocket and it gets washed, who is at fault? The person who left the pen or the person who did the laundry?
What about society today is actually way better than ever before?
What is your best insult?
What is your useless talent?
Removing all paradoxes, what would you do if you went back in time?
What is your proudest moment?
People who leave their porch lights on all night, why?
What are some ways you make yourself dream at night?
What songs come across as sad but the lyrics say otherwise?
if you can pick a mental illness or disease to make it go away in the world what would it be ?
Who are the support actors for you, who just absolutely made the film what it was?
Is there a movie you refuse to watch because of an actor in it who's played a role in another show? and why?
If getting eaten by it was not an issue, what creature would you ride into battle, be it real, extinct, or mythical?
What movie was most like your childhood?
What superstitions does your dog have?
Whats the worst thing you seen happen to someone?
What are some of the best TV shows that had pilots that hooked you, and were amazing right out of the gate?
what important events happened on your birthday?
what’s the easiest way to explain American parties and politics to a kid?
What is your favourite movie/ tv show?
To what extent could you see where a person was coming from if they said that life is a cycle of meaningless suffering fueled by fleeting glimpses of happiness that will never be sustainable and that the universe would be better if life stopped existing?
What are the worst and best things to ever happen to you?
In what situation, you prefer to be left alone?
What is the most awkward thing that happened to you when you’re with someone? Who is that person and how did it happened ?
Do you think that the U.S should ban Tik-Tok? Why or why not?
What do you care less about the older you get?
Who do you like more ur mom or ur dad?
How much stronger/faster would Captain America be if Gilmore Hodge would have been picked instead of Steve Rodgers?
People that speak American Sign Language, where are you from and do you think it affected the way you learned it?
What is the most ridiculous Boomer comment you have seen this week?
What’s your favorite tongue twister?
Historically speaking, who is the greatest homosexual of all time?
If you were trapped in a broken elevator for three hours with your childhood hero, what would you talk about?
What dish would fit in a Thanksgiving dinner that would also represent the state you live in?
Travellers, what has been the funniest depiction of your country you've seen in other countries?
COVID imposed STAHDs, what's been the best and worst parts so far?
What would you like to ask Mr.Narendra Modi?
What do people need money for?
What have you stolen from hotel rooms?
For those of you who have found the deep, meaningful, true type, how would you describe love?
What was cool in the 2000's but not anymore?
What does it take for you to get over someone? How long is the process?
What is a lesson you wish you learned when you were young?
What was so good, that you can't believe it wasn't more popular?
What is the oldest item you own that you still use all the time?
Anyone can explain why in movies when someone dies it’s “oh well” but when the dog gets killed it’s so much more dramatic ?
How humiliating was last season for Mike Krzyzewski?
What is something that always makes you happy, no matter how sad you are?
What is your “this person is crazy” story?
road travel or air travel? why?
They say everyone gets their 15 minutes of fame  what's yours?
What thoughts keep you up late at night?
What do you do when you're scared that your ceiling fan will fall?
Sailors, what's the creepiest, scariest, or most unnerving thing you've seen/witnessed while at sea?
What was the first movie you saw in the theater?
What is the greatest lyric of all time?
What are some underrated websites and what do you use them for?
What’s a bizarre dream you’ve had that you wish was real?
If you have a chance to correct the past, what do you do?
What is a luxury that only the poor can afford?
If you could travel to any year in history for 24 hours, which year would you go to and why?
What did your SO/partner do that made you realize he/she's the One?
What’s one item you couldn’t live without?
How does it feel to be middle-aged?
How do you keep from “losing yourself “ in a relationship?
What was big news from 2017/2018?
What song really gets the tears rolling for you?
Which video game will still be fun to play years from now?
Whats a conspiracy theory that you believe?
How do you know if its time to mature and grow up?
What is a dream you've let go of?
You are born and get to name yourself at age 5, what name do you choose?
What subject from school do you hate?
what is the easiest job you have ever had?
If you could go back to any year in your life, which would you pick? Why?
Long time audiophiles: How did the loudness war affect your listening experience?
What is an advice for people who just got their first job?
whats your take on masturbation pods in the workplace?
What do you think the chances are that North Korea will open its borders in our lifetimes?
How long do you usually vape in one session?
For those of you that aren't partying or trick-or-treating tonight, what are you doing instead?
What’s a food you had a bad experience with that turned you off from it forever?
What is an unwritten rule people should know about?
Scientists say that you have about a 5% chance of living if you were to jump off the golden gate bridge. What other things have extremely low rates of success but you still managed to pull it off?
If you could have any super power, what would it be &amp; why?
What's your favorite female body part?
When was the moment where you overthought your overthinking?
What if there is a worldwide blackout?
Why aren't yes or no questions allowed? [Serious]
What would happen if George Washington had Twitter during the revolutionary war?
What are the dangers of Social Media nobody talks about?
What makes you a good- and what makes you a bad-human-being?
Who was the worst co-worker you ever had?
What is a non-horror movie that is actually more scary than a normal horror movie?
What body part do you find annoying, not in terms on appearance?
What’s the worst thing you’ve ever messed up at work?
If you had to guess, which country has the most flat earthers per capita?
What is your opinion on owning a large fish as a pet?
Movies always have these unassuming places that turn out to lead to some top secret military base. What are your stories where you went somewhere you were sure was a front for some secretly military installation?
What would you die for?
What’s a fun fact about your hobby or something you’re interested in?
What’s your go to comfort when you’re ill?
Imagine you're the last person on earth. What's the first thing you would do?
what are some life enriching toys, foods, treats, etc. for a single cat in a small home?
What College subjects do you fail the most?
What in your opinion is the higher ranking, Epic, Rare or Legendary?
What seemingly common sense thing is actually false?
How can you get from a 10/10 to a 1/10 in 5 minutes?
When did you realize that the popular kids weren’t as put together as you thought?
What became less useful as it became more popular?
What has your job taught you about how society really works?
What’s the weirdest last name you have ever ever?
what is your biggest insecurity?
How do you report someone selling counterfeit items?
What’s the worst marketing scheme you’ve seen a company try?
People who sort by Price: High to Low, how did you gain your immeasurable fortune?
what’s the worst thing a teacher has ever done to you as punishment?
If your life was a movie, what would it be called?
what did you do that made you realise you’ve fallen head over heels?
Whose one person you wish never existed?
What was the “Sure, why not?” decision that ended up changing your life?
If you owned a yacht, what would you name it and why?
What is/are your parents' favorite song(s)?
What’s the worst name for a child you can think of?
What’s the weirdest fanfic you’ve ever read?
What tattoo of yours do you highly regret?
What's the next BIG thing?
What movie had the best trailer and hype but when it came out it was bad?
What’s the most awkward live television moment you know of?
What’s the worst substance you could use for sexual lubricant?
What memory makes you cringe at random times throughout the day?
You now have an unlimited supply of your username. What do you do with it?
People who have been shot with body armour on, how bad did it hurt?
What is your ‘type’?
What’s your favorite sound/white noise to fall asleep to?
Everyone’s a furry now! What is your fursona (animal, color, quirks, etc)?
In 6 years 4 months 3 days 9 hours 34 seconds and 96 milliseconds you gain the ability to open portals to anywhere or dimension.What are you thinking about using it for after reading this?
Those who changed their underwear in PE, why?
What’s something that terrified you as a kid but is awesome now?
What do you do when someone mocks you for being scared?
What made you realize you're doing the deed of evil at your job?
What’s one country in history you wish to bring back?
What’s the worst thing that could happen while staying at a hotel?
What do boys says when they know they’re wrong but won’t admit it?
What’s the most impressive coincidence you’ve ever experienced?
Least favorite character from any show?
what do you do if someone you love dies and you're the one that did it?
What is the limit of social media's influence on the world?
What is your biggest regret ever??
People who made “you tested positive for covid” phone calls, what was the worst reaction you got?
If you could meet any celebrity, who would it be?
What happen to items airline lost ?
What are you glad you don't have to deal with as a prehistoric person?
Conversing is a drag. Why does complaining have to be standard in social conversations?
What tricks/tips do you have for using the vehicle additive Seafoam?
What’s a lie you don’t regret telling?
What was 'The Incident' at your school?
It seems the past few years there’s been constant new studies theorizing there’s some form of matter we are unable to detect that’s manipulating matter and light around us. How can we still not say for sure there’s something undetected out there?
If you didn't have to work or need money, what would you be doing with your life?
Your user name is cooking food for you, what's the meal?
If you bought the extended auto warranty they called you about, how is it?
What is a must eat meal after a smoke sesh?
To those of you feeling antipathy toward the methods of the ‘Stop Oil’ protestors: What, in your opinion, would be a more effective, attention grabbing, form of protest?
What is an iconic Instagram bio?
How could you defeat the most powerful wizard of all times aka Harry Potter?
What do you hate?
Is it normal to poop immediately after waking up with a weird feeling? what may be the reason for this?
What to do if you are sure you are being followed buy a guy for several days but can't call the cops as there is no hard evidence (this happens on the road and hard to get taken seriously by cops as a male.)?
How you feel when you stop faping ?
What do you think the US would be like if people exclusively under 40 ran the government?
What is the female equivalent of filthy frank on youtube ?
What was your worst sexual experience?
What Easier In Practice Then In Theory?
What is your black sheep quality?
Where are you at in life, and are you happy? If not, what would it take to get there?
What is a moment in sports history that you will never forget?
What's the last song you listened to?
Which airline food you’ve missed the most?
Do you think it is possible to be a morally good rich person? why or why not?
What are some legit ways to make extra income?
What can a 13 year old do for YouTube?
Have you ever had a nickname? What is it? And what's the backstory behind it?
What is your fav memory as a child?
What is the weirdest superpower you'd want?
What’s the biggest debate/argument you’ve had with a complete stranger?
night club have you heard of them, what do you think?
In the movie Hook, when the big crocodile clock falls over and groans, is that because the crocodile actualy groans or is it from the sound of the materials collapsing?
How has your day been?
What was your favorite game to play with your friends as a child?
What was the last time you got so angry that you started laughing?
What is your favorite holiday?
How does one get her sister into gaming?
What are you doing today?
at what age did you or your children stop playing with toys?
Adults with a healthy, near dating together along with your parents…what do you watched fostered that during your childhood?
What would you do if in 20 years owning animals becomes viewed in society the same as slavery?
What's your phone company?
You receive $10000 with no strings attached. What do you do with it?
What's an easy and quick SFW way to earn money?
Forget clothes, what kind of hairstyle do you find the most attractive?
[SERIOUS] People who thought they would be alone forever but then found their soulmate and living happily ever after, what’s your story?
People who have moved abroad from their birth countries (immigrants, refugees etc), what were the biggest culture shocks when moving to a new country?
What’s an uncomfortable fact that you know about outer space?
What is a boring song to listen to but fun to sing?
People who didn’t like their surprise or gift and said so, how did that turn out for you?
What is your ultimate life goal you want to achieve one day?
Why are you still single?
How do you try to help a sexual partner feel sexy and self-assured even though they're ugly and kinda gross you out?
How much did it cost to bring Jeff Bezos into space vs. a minimum wage of $15 pH for Amazon workers?
What are your thoughts on transforming into Son Goku?
What’s your dying wish?
What is your favourite Christmas song?
To people who belong to the LGBTQ community, how did you discover your sexuality/ your awakening?
What's one non physical thing about someone that is attractive?
What is one thing that instantly makes you inspired/motivated?
What is your favorite Christmas movie?
What's a movie that you just cannot understand it's hype?
What do you think about Nude?
For anyone who has appeared on or been in attendance of a Dr. Phil taping, how was the experience compared to what we saw on TV?
What do inquiring minds not want to know?
Which song's stuck in your head right now?
Which small coincidence still amazes you till this day?
What is an opinion you have that you know will frustrate the majority?
When teachers say they use the test taking program that tracks your tabs, is this true?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of making your own nice cheese?
How would you fix air travel?
What is your favourite childhood memory?
Former Russian leaders have been called names like Alexander the Blessed, Ivan the Terrible, and Nicholas the Bloodstained. What will the current Russian president Vladimir Putin be known as?
US Republicans, what do you want? Without mentioning ‘them’ or outsiders, or anyone that you disagree with; personally, positively, what do you want to happen for you and your family? For your community?
What is the most exciting moment of your life?
What’s the funniest meme/video/image you’ve ever laughed at?
What’s been inspiring you lately?
When the pandemic is over, what are you going to do?
How are you doing today?
If you weren't called your current name, what would you like to be called?
What fact haunts your soul?
When moisturising your whole body, how do you moisturise your back?
What's the closest you've been to a murder?
Which band or artist is no longer contributing anything of value and should probably just retire?
What would the country look like if people didn't have buttons that they allow so many people to push?
What is the craziest thing you can buy for just $20?
University/college dropouts, what did you first feel the moment you finally filled out the paperwork to dropout?
what are some words that non native speakers pronounce better than native speakers?
What song is the best one hit wonder?
HR people, what do you say to a person who doesn't realize he is harassing people?
What’s something you’ve experienced but never told anyone because nobody would believe you?
People whose rooms look like they’re lined with shelves of Funko Pop figures still in their box, why?
Do you believe it’s okay to have your ex as a friend on social media? Why or why not?
What don't enough people do in their daily routines?
[Serious] People who work in game development, what things in a game do regular people often underappreciate, but as fellow game devs you appreciate and respect the devs for?
What are som good wallpaper ideas for your phone?
What would you count as a fan of a certain genre of music? For instance should that person listen to more than one band in said genre?
What is something you thought was fake until recently?
To all clean/sober addicts how do you got clean and what is your cleantime?
Who deserves to win this 2022 FIFA World Cup?
What prayers does God answer?
What is your opinion on the Wii?
What is something that is intended to be used a certain way but you found a different purpose for it?
At what age do girls and boys begin to want one thing: another day off?
What is your “happy place” like?
What celebrity would make a decent president?
What is something White people just don’t get?
Which do you like more? onion rings or French fries and why?
What is the best thing you’ve ever tasted?
What’s the most difficult video game you’ve played?
What is the most agitating thing for you?
How would a world with a functioning AI look like?
What TV show makes you ugly-cry?
what’s something you’re afraid to ask because you feel dumb/ like you’re the only one who doesn’t get it?
What is the MOST remarkable compliment you've ever received?
What is something you did that made you feel amazing?
What Was the thing you most wanted as a Child?
What isn’t as harmless as it seems?
If you were god for 24 hours what will you do and why?
What is something that adults tell other adults they must do as adults but if you actually think about it then it doesn’t make much sense to do?
What are people a little too obsessed with?
You're in a small meeting room with 20 others for a conference. You need to let out one rip, but it's a big one so you can't fart silently. You can't go to the bathroom either. What would you do?
What are mistakes people make in their 20s that guarantee they will have a hard life?
Who’s the worst driver?
Americans were well-known for hiding some of the biggest atrocities of their past, namely the Cambodian Genocide. What other atrocities committed by the US are kept hidden?
What is a minor change that can be made to a sport that would completely ruin it?
What will the world be like in 2077?
Americans, what kind of gravy do you prefer to dip your Bacon Maple Donuts in for your Breakfast?
What is the most disgusting thing you ever heard someone (teacher included) in school say?
Hot weather vs Cold weather, which do you prefer and why?
People who don’t like surprises, why?
Take this time to say what you want. What did you hold back saying today and to who?
What’s a Cool or Interesting Fact About Where You’re From?
Instead of saying “Nahh” or “no”, what is a different way to show rejection through text?
How has COVID changed the future of pandemic or disaster movies?
If you could DO something illegal, what would you do?
What’s the best example of people not believing something because they don’t want it to be true, when the evidence points another way?
How would you debunk an Afterlife believer’s theory with hard science?
What's your favorite way to travel?
When you die, you go to a fictional afterlife of your choice. Where do you go?
What is something you crave only like twice a year?
Your friend went into a coma in 2016 and just woke up yesterday. How do you explain the last four years to them?
What's the poorest explanation of what you do for a living?
What is your New Year's resolution?
What was a superhuman thing you’ve seen someone do that you were never able to explain?
what old video game console do you still play on?
Which new slang word or phrase made you realize you were out of touch?
Are cowboy/western costumed offensive? Why/why not?
What is something where you would rather think of it how you remember it and not how it is today?
Who are the worst drivers on the road and why is it Dodge Ram owners?
At what age would you like to stay forever?
If you had the power to remove one thing from the world, what would it be, why, and would you do it?
What is the best candy?
Were politics as a big of a clown show as they are now between the 60s-90s?
Since having kids doesn’t guarantee that one will be taken care of, how do people take care of themselves at 80+ without kids and single? Is there any choice beside nursing home?
What's on your todo list for tomorrow?
What's your favorite and least favorite hour of the day? Why?
Which Single Game/Match made you a Fan of a Particular Sport?
What is the best breed of dog to get for small children?
black or antharcite birkenstocks and why?
What's the worst thing that your mom has ever done to you?
Non Americans, What are the think you don't like about America?
As somebody who was depressed for a few days, depressed people, why not just watch a movie, play a game, or something else?
What is the stupidest thing you believed as a kid?
what got ruined when everyone stopped doing it?
(Serious) People who have outlived somebody who wronged you, how did their death make you feel and how did others react?
What’s your prediction for the next year?
what is a year you wish you could go back to?
What Eurovision drinking game are you playing?
Whats a good skincare routine for somebody on a budget?
What is something that people make into a personality trait that shouldn't be a personality trait?
What are the most arrogant people?
[Serious] What sentence immidiately makes you go oh come on, not this type of person again?
What was the worst neighbor you’ve ever had?
Whats the furthest you've gone for someone you liked?
Insure the driver not the car. What is your opinion of this?
what are your thoughts or opinions on diaper fetishism?
How would you react if a student in class starts ripping their head off?
What movie was an obvious money grab by the actor?
To those with an uncommon favourite animal, what is that animal?
What is the reason for trolling boomers, when they were much cooler than youth now?
What is something that you shouldn’t watch in the background while having intercourse?
What would you make if all you had was a can of mushrooms, sardines, heavy whipping cream, sweet peas, a full spice cabinet, snow crab meat, and a squash?
What movie/TV show would you like to see to be made into a videogame?
What to watch after watching the office?
What do humans enjoy/find special/celbrate that has a dark past behind it?
What movie would be completely different/not exist today because of advancements in technology?
How do special forces deal with things like poison ivy, bug bites, diarrhea, when they’re out in the field for extended periods?
What's something you wished you had apologized for but never did?
If you bought an item, brought it home, &amp; discovered it's broken or missing a part - what do you do? Do you keep it &amp; try to make it work? Do you drive all the way back to the store?
If you had 12 hours before your memory got wiped and you couldn't remember your love life who you are and basic stuff but you know how to read, talk, and those kinds of things How would you prepare for your brain wipe?
If $1k suddenly landed on your lap, how would you spend it right now?
What’s a random think that makes you attracted to someone?
What is your bottom pajama combination: no underwear but shorts, no shorts but underwear, short and underwear or naked?
What are some old wives' tales you've been told growing up?
What is the most overrated job or profession in your country?
Ladies what if he asks for your number, you give it to him, and then he texts you “hi is this the amazing girl from (place)”?
What's your favorite war involving Canada?
What is something you never understood that is seen as normal in our society?
What is the word for when you think of something you think is unique/doesn’t exist (like an invention or something), find out someone else already thought it/invented it, and realize that person had the EXACT same thought you just had?
People who leave skid marks wherever they sit, why?
How do you fall asleep without a blanket and without a pillow?
What are some cursed items that not many people know about?
What's something you wish you had spent your money on earlier?
When you move in your chair and it makes a sound similar to a fart, is it better to clarify to those around you that it was the chair? Or ignore it and hope no one noticed?
What makes you block someone?
You've been chosen to write a declaration for any rights or freedoms you want, what will you write the declaration about?
Which SpongeBob character would you choose to live with and why?
What is that feeling when your ears contract to the beat of the music?
What show had the best ending?
What was the most awkward moment to happen at a birthday party?
What are good ways to concentrate on work without distractions?
What is the cheapest entertainment in the world ?
Whats a fad you remember nobody else does?
what's your favorite spicy snack?
What do you actively avoid?
What’s the heaviest object (without giving the weight of it) you can lift?
What is a word you mispronounced for too long embarrassingly enough?
What is yours I'll have the usual?
What are some early warning signs that your partner is crazy?
What was the most unfair thing your parents did to you as a kid/teen?
What are you doing, how old are you and what time is it?
What phrase is said a lot but hardly followed?
What is the correct way to deal with a narcissist?
If you suddenly got the ability to choose 1 skill to be a master at, what would it be and why?
What's your favorite thing you get/used to get away with at your job?
What’s the funniest rumour you have heard about yourself?
What is the most attractive thing a woman can do during intercourse?
What makes drinking and smoking ok but taking recreational drugs bad?
What’s one concert that happened before you were born or too young to go to that you would’ve loved to attended?
What Actually happens if you the cat?
What do you love, that (in your mind) 90% of people hate?
should men be reimbursed if a woman lies they find out they paid child support for a child that wasn't their own after a paternity test is taken? why or why not?
What weight range is a thick girl in your country or does it just means slender with curves in your country?
How evil was your boss?
If you had no money no power and no food for 24 hours how would you pass the time?
what do you think the biggest obstacle is for young families face today that older generations didn't?
What is a plot twist you realized/figured out before everyone else did?
People who have tattoos, how did you decide that you're going to have the design you want tattooed? Have you ever hesitated?
What is the scariest situation you have ever been in?
What will never go out of fashion?
For those of you that have been through heart attacks, what was your experience like?
what do you live for? what is the reason of your existence?
People who listen to NF, how did you find out about him and how did he affect you lives?
Those who have gotten pregnant super early in a relationship… what happened?
Who is someone you want to punch in the face ?
What’s the dumbest thing that was banned at your school or by your parents when you were kids?
Imagine that you founded a cryptocurrency and it went to the moon. What do you do?
what makes doggy style so good for the guy?
What items are normal to have one of, but very concerning to have more than one of?
You are immortal, but doing one very specific action will kill you instantly. What action do you choose?
What are you well-known/famous for?
When did you truly realize damn, im not straight, am I?
If you could go back in time and instill one piece of advice in your mind as a newborn, what advice would it be?
who's the one person you think of everyday?
what is your favorite jerk off instruction?
whats the most interesting or meaningfull photograph of all time?
whats the worst thing that ever happened to you?
To people who had mutual feelings for each other but the timing was never right, what happened and looking back do you feel like you missed out on something?
On this Thanksgiving Day, what are you NOT thankful for?
Which product or company have you seen a celebrity endorse but you’re sure they don’t use in real life?
What do you hate about your gf/bf but you can't say it ?
What's your favorite art piece ?
What’s your favorite insult that isn’t a slur?
When is the last time you used your poop knife?
What is the worst thing your parents have done to you?
People who had lost beloved pets, how did you move on? [SERIOUS]
If the power grid were to get knocked out in your country, how fucked are you?
[Serious] Who can we currently rely on for the most impartial and extensive investigative journalism?
What’s the tastiest thing to have in a wrap?
Knowing what small thing can maybe some day save your life?
what if you could check animals out of the zoo like books out of the library?
If you were in the last photo or video you watched, how would that be?
What’s the first thing you would do if you won the lottery?
What is keeping you going with school or your job? Also What do you live and strive for day after day?
If a person was a walking red flag, what would it be?
What is your inspirational quote?
(Serious) When you eat chicken wings do you pick them clean or leave meat on the bone? Why?
You gain immortality but also have the power and choice to end your life. What and when would be the scenario where you would make this choice?
What state would you least like to have to move to and live?
what are some of the best ways to lose body fat?
How does it feel to be depressed in your own words?
Which TVshow was very forgettable/downright bad in the first season and then became an absolute must seen later?
What’s the that one thing you never told anyone?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Ex-introverts, how did you become socially active?
The last time you flirted, what did you do and how did it go?
[Serious] What's the worst thing you've done to your parents that still makes you feel guilty?
What are the dreams you've had about people you love and what do you think they mean?
Very urgent question: why?
What makes a workplace fun?
which job is the most satisfying?
[Serious] Do you think our education system is flawed, if so why?
What's a superstition you know is not true but you still believe in?
What's your favorite quote from spongebob?
What’s your favourite quote/story from your dreams?
What fine thing was ruined/worsened by its fanbase?
What conspiracy theory do you believe is true?
What is the best way to intodruce yourself to new people?
What is the most memorable phrase ever said in a movie or tv series?
What is something you pretend to hate, but actually really like?
What was the name/s of your most memorable pet/s and what made them special?
What is your coolest concert memory?
How do you feel about Pentecostals falling out or being “slain the spirit”?
If you had a Time Machine how would you lawfully stop ww2 (only between 1918-1970)?
What is one positive thing that happened to/for you during quarantine?
the villain of the last movie you watched is going after you how fucked are you?
What are your favorite movies?
What's the worst piece of advice you ever got from someone?
What's is ye least favorite animal on Earth?
What lesson did you learn too late?
What’s something you thaught was normal as a kid until you grew up?
when have you suggested something that just seemed like common sense, but people acted like you were a genius?
Is a history degree worthless? Why or why not?
what is youre favorite food from around the world?
What's more important to you in a person; that they're nice or that they're kind?
What makes you want to do good things?
How does one stop feeling so sorry about thyself?
What's the evidence for and against trickle down economics?
Which is worse sexism or racism?
what's the weirdest thing that can be made of bones?
If memes had a price to them? What would be the most expensive meme?
What do you hate about the internet the most?
Why do you like to be alive?
People who enter people's home for work, what is the strangest thing you have come across?
People who got COVID early in quarantine, how has your view on the virus changed?
Anyone know someone as a child who became extremely wealthy later on in life? What was that person like as a child?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is the best politically correct word in place of a swear word?
What company has the dumbest marketing?
What's the best outcome of a complete accident you've experienced in your life?
People who have met Mr Beast and got money,how has the money helped you or what did you spend it on?
What’s your game plan if you were to live forever?
Are you more of a leader or a follower? Why are you what you’ve chosen?
What song gives you a boost of energy?
How are those you know who have gotten the vaccine?
Prugnant women, what exactly does prugnant mean?
Employers, who is the worst employee you have had and why?
What’s your deal with cats?
What's your day job?
You’re in the top 25 % of what?
If you could go back in time and solve any mystery, which one would you want to solve?
What movie made you fall in love with cinema?
what’s your butterfly effect?
Who do you think would make a great president for our country?
What are some creative hamster names?
In that imaginary conversation with your ex girlfriend / boyfriend you sometimes think about having, what are you telling / asking them?
What is legal, but a borderline scam?
Which is worse, weaponized incompetence or willful ignorance?
We all make mistakes growing up is a common excuse for people making mistakes, but what mistake do you personally find inexcusable with that statement?
What is something that never stops being funny?
What is a movie you could watch over and over again?
What made you want to try and hook up with your friend’s partner, and risk your friendship?
People 5’5 and under, how do you use the sun visor in your car?
What’s the purpose of wearing headphones while driving?
What is that one thing on your YouTube shorts you loveto watch?
what is a animal that you are truly afraid of ?
What is the rudest thing a lot of people do?
If you are unhappy with your country, instead of complaining like a little child, what can you do to become part of the solution?
What is the most historically significant single event to ever happen in your country?
not sure if this been asked before, but: How did your hamster die?
What are some stupid rules at your school or job?
You're stuck on a desert island and you need salt. How do you get it?
How/ what was Jesus wrong about?
What’s the closest you’ve ever been to dying, and what happened?
What is a food combination that people think is weird but you swear is delicious?
What you be for it or against it, if there was an option/injection to end your life And why?
What are stock trading strategies that once worked but don't anymore?
What do you think is the least sexy exernal body part?
What’s something (good or bad) you don’t necessarily want to tell anyone in particular but just want someone to hear?
What is the most useful, yet inexpensive, thing you own?
What's a terrible movie (critically) that you could watch any day of the week?
Westerners, what do think of ordinary Russian people due to the crisis?
was living under a rock and have no idea why Russia is wanting to invade The Ukraine, so asking any Russians and Ukrainians, why does Russia want to invade?
What do you do when you get off work on an average day?
What are two good and two bad aspects of the country you live in?
People who have shared nudes online, how did it go?
People who have video called themselves, why?
Who is a celebrity that you think shouldn’t be famous?
What's the most classist thing elites say?
You are an alien living among people and having a human appearance. What methods of conspiracy and behavior would you take in order not to arouse suspicion in people?
There is a 1/(5.2^61) Chance that when you slap a table, your hand will pass through it. Has anything like this ever happened to you?
What's the craziest thing you have done for Love?
Why some of us lost interest easily on things?
Anyone currently in an unhappy marriage- why don't you leave?
Hey babe! Come here, *hugs*. How are you?
What do boys do when they like a girl?
People who sleep naked, are you worried about sharting in your sleep?
[Serious] What is your intelligent quotient and what is your life like?
What’s your favorite song that’s in a minor key?
If you were a wrestler , what would your entrance theme be ?
What book, movie, or TV show would you like to have banned because it just really fucking sucks?
americans, what is something that you don’t have which seems normal to the rest of the world?
what would you do if you woke up in a government black site to be tortured for the rest of your life?
How would you react to your date taking you to try on wedding dresses/tuxes on your first date?
What would be the coolest names for a Suger Glider?
What US states are better to live in now than they were 20-30 years ago, and what states were better 20-30 years ago than now?
What do people in relationships talk about all day long and still manage to not run out of topics to talk about?
what song line best summarizes your current relationship?
What are some band names that have sexual connotations?
What do you think the ‘endgame’ of social media will be? Here forever, fade out or out with a bang?
What veggies are in frozen mixed veggies outside the US?
when can you rightly be jealous when ur partner is constantly talking to other girls?
What is a food item that only tastes good with other foods and not on its own?
People who have gotten a DNA test to see your ancestry; What was your experience like? Did anything in your family tree surprise you, and would you recommend it to anyone interested in doing it too?
What would you have to have to consider yourself wealthy?
[Serious] If the people of Earth believed you were a God or higher power for 24 hours, and you could communicate globally, what would you say to everyone?
What are some successful ways to avoid bitterness/becoming a bitter person in life?
If someone works 1 white collar job and a 2nd blue collar job, why would they not be able to claim blue collar status?
What is your opinion on Kanye West and Kim Kardashian reportedly getting a divorce?
If the Olympics allowed unrestricted drugs and cybernetic/genetic enhancements, which sport would be the most watched and most competitive?
What would happen to humanity if the female population remains the same, and only one man is left to repopulate?
What colour looks great on you?
What made you realize you were officially an adult?
Which thing (excludig your phone), you can't even think to live without?
What is the dumbest question you came across on this sub??
what is the side effect of overdoes on sleeping pills?
What is just stupidly *underpriced*?
What skills should you NEVER self teach?
What's it like to live as a transgender person in New Zealand?
Hot debate currently happening: To use a top sheet on the bed or to go without? Why or why not?
what's your favourite emo band/song?
What is a joke you still laugh at even though you've heard it a million times?
What's the story behind your username?
What are good ways to put on weight with a really fast metabolism?
Have you ever been to Area-51 ? What's up there ?
Which state reminds you the most of Fallout 2?
What is a good song to listen to while sitting in a departing airplane?
What song lyric helped you grow as a person?
How should a people-pleaser quit a job?
Your walking the dark taking your dog for a late night walk. You hear a bloodcurdling scream behind you, but your dog starts growling at something infront of you, it is too dark to see what the dog is barking at. Do you go back towards the scream or do you take your chances with whatever is infront?
What is for dinner tonight?
What do you do when you lie in bed alone and feel so so so lonely?
What happens after you die?
What's the deadliest roast you/someone else has/have ever said?
What male lingerie have you tried with your SO? Did they like it?
What's your favorite color?
If you could change one thing about the current world of dating what would you change?
How often do you find yourself daydreaming?
What is a trivial thing that you once heard/had happen to you that really stuck with you?
At what age should people stop trick or treating? Would you turn someone away at a certain age?
How would people feel about the introduction of a standardised test, to prove you are a capable parent, before you are allowed to have children?
What are your thoughts on modesty?
What’s your toxic trait?
If you could hook up with a celebrity, who would it be and why?
What is the funniest ghost movie?
What's the worst birthday you've had?
Dear employees who work night-shifts, what's the most creepiest thing you've seen on your shift?
[Serious] What discontinued item is still widely considered to be the best at what it does (primary or secondary purpose)?
Would you sit in front of the Tv and watch your whole life with parents for 10 million dollars?
if you could give one order that everyone on earth would have to do until the end of time what would you choose?
People who did your s/o wrong. How did you cope with it knowing things won't be the same as usual?
Masturbating more than 21 times a month can actually decrease your risk of prostate cancer what is you take on this?
What is the wierdest item you have seen sold at a gas station?
In your opinion — what scenarios are likely for the future of North Korea?
What is the most stupid/insane reason someone broke up/stopped dating you?
If you could live anywhere, where would it be?
What are some Asian Youtubers that you like?
Why and when was the last time your adrenaline kicked in?
Who v.s who would be the ultimate fight?
How on Earth did the original Predator movie get approval from a major studio? And why did it turn out brilliant?
What are you perfectly good at?
Why are you here?
What song never fails to put a smile on your face?
What do like to watch others do but hate doing yourself?
What makes some people so hatefull?
What is the most creepy thing you've seen while walking outside at night?
What do you do when you start dwelling on wtf am I doing with my life?
What is the weirdest dream you have had which involves a family member?
What piece of internet history has been stuck in your head for years?
What is something a tourist should not miss in New Orleans?
What are your go to comfort food Youtube videos?
[SERIOUS] Is Wall-E communism? How and why?
When did you realize you weren’t compatible with your partner anymore?
What minor thing ruins your whole day?
Would you rather be friends with Bert or with Ernie? Why?
What are some textbook prank that resulted in extreme results?
Which is the most memorable/favorite meal from your childhood which your parents would often cook?
If you could go back in time and change only one thing you did, how would your life be different right now?
How soon is soon?
What’s the saddest song you’ve ever heard and why?
What is pee pee poo poo pee pee poo?
If you could stop time in 60 second intervals, how would you use this power?
What’s a weird non sexual turn on you have?
What's the most soul-crushing answer to I really like you?
What is your earliest memory?
What useless (emphasis on 'useless') thing have you purchased today?
What do you not miss about childhood?
Given a chance to reset your life to the year you were 15 years of age what is that one major thing you would have done differently?
What’s a rant you’ve been holding in?
If you had to swim in a pool of a liquid other than water, what would it be?
What’s something people usually take for granted?
Why do you think people are against everyone knowing atleast one same language?
From your own experience, what are the things you should never say to a drill sergeant?
What is the reason you keep going?
What did you get sucked into buying from an infomercial, and was it worth it?
If there’s an all out nuclear war tomorrow what types of technology that will survive and remain useful and which pieces of tech that’ll be destroyed and useless?
What unpopular food do you like the no one else likes?
What is something that to your country is very normal, but foreigners to your country always find strange or abnormal?
What movie is overrated and isn’t as good as people say?
What is a recommendation of an anime or animes of any genre that imyself could watch?
What will happen to gas prices when/if the war ends?
You apply to be a part of The Avengers but are rejected because your superpower is kind of boring. What is it?
What are your opinions on the US led invasion of Iraq?
What is a movie you were looking forward to in 2020 that got delayed by the pandemic?
Does a plastic basic spoon/fork melt when mixing coffee? Is that safe to use as a mixer?
What is your favorite Halo game and why?
What do you have to say to Joe Biven?
Whose your favorite film maker?
People who have managed to change their unhealthy life into a healthy one, What was the moment that Kickstarted your now healthier lifestyle mentally or physically?
Best Video Game Out Right Now And Why?
What was the easiest college course you've ever taken?
What is your favorite tradition on new years eve?
What is it called when a cut happens so fast that the steam from the water boiling cauterizes the wound?
You are forced into a killing game with your classmates from primary school. Who do you kill first?
What would happen if you ejaculate in the Pensieve?
What is the biggest waste of time?
What makes someone amazing in bed and what do men love the most in bed?
What would your hypothetical will say? Who would you give your laptop and phone to?
If you could be a fly on the wall for any day in history, which do you pick and why?
How would one go about decorating a hotel room for a date night?
What is a real life get out of jail free card?
Who has ever been in the you're my best friend but not vice versa kind of situation?
Whats one daily task you would want automated?
Which famous people who aren’t athletic would it be funny to watch boxing or wrestling one another and who would win?
What boy band do you think this generation has never heard of?
What are your travel essentials?
What's the most depressing city or town you've ever been to?
What is the dumbest question you’ve asked on this sub?
which is worse, eat an ice cream before sleeping or waking up?
What does “big vag lips” mean?
What is your favorite sugary cereal brand?
What is your advice for a 15 year old who has no idea what to do with their future?
What ingredients or life experiences do you think help cultivate/create an interesting/boring human personality?
What is the best thing you got for free on craigslist?
What’s the most beautiful destination in the world?
What is the best way to find a UFO related job? Is there a chance of a UFO investigation degree or certificate program?
What's the strangest experience you've had on a dating app?
people what is one thing that makes you cringe?
Would amazon towns be a weird form of communism if not why?
You can speak to the spirit of any person who ever lived but is no longer alive. You have 60 seconds total to ask the question and get a reply. They give truthful answers that ignore ego (they will not lie to make themself look better). Who do you ask and what do you ask them?
What is a 10 year high school reunion like?
Dear introverts, how did you break outta your shell?
What's the most useless talent you have?
What is the dumbest law in your country?
What can kill Homelander?
What's the one movie that always makes you laugh out loud?
Since 2021 is ending soon - What was the best thing you did this year?
[serious] How inevitable are stock market crashes, and how possible would it be to create a system of regulations and programs that would make a stock market uncrashable?
What the weirdest thing you saw today?
Who is a youtuber you will never get bored of watching?
What do you do when you don’t have a best friend and you desperately need to debrief your evening?
[Serious] How do you get over someone you truly loved?
If you could spend a weekend at any fictional location, where would you go?
Every time your press a button you win £100,000 but there is a one in a million chance that you die. How many times do you press the button?
What is a wholesome youtube channel you like?
What makes women cheat, and what can men do to prevent it?
What's your theme song?
What age is too late to do something?
What is the poorest excuse you heard a person use?
What innocent search lead to something completely unexpected?
What’s something you wanna get of your chest?
Have you guys met someone who acts like they are the main character?
What’s a movie that you believe didn’t do the book it was based on enough justice?
What is your advice for a soon to be migrated asian student to an western country for his university studies?
As a kid, what did you think was going to awesome once you grew up but ended up a huge disappointment?
What Crime do you want to Commit?
Long term couples, do you ever feel the need to be separated from your significant other for a few days? If so, how did you initiate the conversation?
How does it feel to live in a state where you can get high as a motherfucker and not worry about the the police........Texas here?
What do blind people use to indicate when to stop wiping their butts?
Parents who smash and destroy their kids' game console when they act up, why not just take away the controller?
What is the one thing you swear is worth only buying the “premium” version of?
What is the best weapon within your current arm's reach?
If you had the ability to teleport anywhere but there was a 0.1% chance you'll explode on arrival, how often would you risk it?
Why do you get sleepy when you're trying to study but not whille you're watching something entertaining?
How do you say chimichanga in English?
When was the last time you wrote a letter to someone on paper?
What was the worst thing about being single during the pandemic?
What’s the smallest thing your parents got mad at you over?
People who've ate at Taco Bell: what happened as a result of eating there? Did it hurt coming out? Why or why not?
What advice would you give to someone who is terrible at remembering appointments unless reminded on that day?
What is the best state to live in the US ?
Should we give chimpanzees beta blockers, rip their teeth out, and turn them into house slaves, why or why not?
How can you tell whether a girl likes you or not?
Almost 80% of the ocean hasn’t been discovered. What are you most likely to find there?
What’s stopping you from leaving everything you currently know and love, going somewhere completely different and starting a new life?
What is wrong / bad about transphobia?
People who put their own photo as wallpaper, why?
What is the profession you like the least?
What was the weirdest turn-on you ever had?
[Serious] How would $15 Minimum Wage change your life and the economy?
Question. What bear is best?
let's start an internet controversy/revolution for fun, what will we make it about?
What's something that's so true but most people don't believe?
A UFO expert who hasn't identified any UFO can be considered a UFO expert?
Is there any other fellow happy humans out there? How do you manage?
What would be the video you would show to people from the past?
What are your views on neck kiss?
Why would anyone wear a thong?
What state, city and country do you live in ?
What do you crave?
What was your worst “down bad” moment?
If you could buy one painting across the world but can’t sell it which painting you choose and why?
You wake up and you are not the President of the United States; what would you do?
How do you pop your arm back in your socket when you're alone in the wilderness?
Where did the popular kids in your school end up?
What present did you receive left you scratching your head?
What makes you angriest while driving?
If you could bring on celebrity back from the dead to continue their work who would it be?
Who is the most famous person whose real name is not publicly known, only their stage name?
What’s the stupidest self destructive thing you love to do?
How do you feel when you see people smoking weed in their car?
How do you know if someone is into you?
What was your reoccurring nightmare as a kid?
What’s something you wish people would care about?
GTA 6 or Elder Scrolls 6 which to chose if one can be released tomorrow?
Whatt ddo yoou thiink abouut thiss?
Who would win and why: rick Sanchez or bill cypher?
What is one thing someone told you that unknowingly changed your life?
If you could have one shot to change anything you want what would it be?
Who can buy Beats? anyone can explain?
What was your closest call to death?
What is your favorite gemstone?
What it your “The worst she/he can say is no” story?
What is your millennium dilemma?
what was the moment that made you say yep I'm quitting this job ?
How does pornography affect a persons psychology?
What's a good BIG Santa gift for a 7 and 9 yr old?